dude oh hello Mike Baker hello good see
you buddy
thank you very much thanks for having me
back on my pleasure so tell me what's up
are we in trouble what's going on man
it's World War 3 haven't you heard is it
yeah no that's not no I'm no I'm here to
burst that bubble I think not that
anyone's gonna say okay I'm writing this
down Mike said no World War three but it
was it was amazing how how fast the OP
was that closer there it was amazing how
fast the narrative came out yeah I mean
we'd barely smoked
sulemani and suddenly the current
president's gonna get us into this this
conflict and I was nervous well I think
everybody step back because it was such
a shock to the system right yeah I mean
was the last time we dealt with Iran in
this fashion I mean as opposed to like a
harshly worded de Marsh or a note or
maybe an extra sanction here or there
but that it was such a strange
development that I think it did and the
natural reaction was to say oh my god
here we go
you know and certainly everybody's
exhausted from you know 19 years out
there so but you know I was shocked that
Trump could make that call
because they had a bunch of different
options they had like or we could kill
him he's like let's kill him I was like
whoa I didn't know you could do that
well you know what he's he's been a
target before
sulemani is I mean it's there's I guess
I should first say where I stand on on
this which is I'm not mourning his
passing right I mean I think he deserved
it I think it's justice that should have
been served up some time ago he's
responsible not just not just for as
people have talked about the hundreds of
US servicemen but thousands and
thousands of people
this guy was a completely bloodthirsty
douchebag I mean there's no way about it
and what it was and we're talking about
the second most structure-wise the
second most important person within the
Iranian regime next to the Ayatollah so
but the idea that somehow we took out a
foreign leader right or a military
general like he was some sort of like
you know Eisenhower yeah is insane the
guy was a mob boss it was it was the
head terrorist for a state that is the
number one sponsor of terrorism around
the world
and so but he's been on on target lists
for a long time
you go back to 2008 there was an
operation to take out a guy named agnya
who himself was also a bloodthirsty
psychopath and he was running hezbollah
operations so the Israelis had been
tracking him as had we and at one point
they had an opportunity to take out Nia
and also sulemani and they backed off at
the time essentially because the US
wouldn't you know get behind the idea
that we're gonna take out super money
that was you know at that point that was
a step too far so they eventually we got
magneta but sulemani is just I mean I
don't know where to start with the
amount of blood that he he's responsible
for people talk about again okay he
authorized operations and activities in
Iraq against US soldiers and against
Iraqi soldiers and Iraqi civilians but
it goes back to the beginning of that I
mean you could go back to 2003 and
sulemani was he was the architect he
dreamt up this idea as the US was going
into Iraq that he was gonna what he did
was insane
he basically authorized I mean he's in
charge right so he authorizes the
release of a bunch of Sunnis that
they've been holding on to Iran being
Shiite arch-rivals being the Sunnis
essentially and the Saudis are are their
archenemy a Sunni nation and but he
released all these Sunni extremists that
Iran had been holding on to essentially
ever since we had gone into Afghanistan
right after 9/11 and he released them
into Iraq and including against our cow
who became the head of al-qaeda in Iraq
and within a few months of our getting
out to Iraq the these Sunnis under
basically under sulemani tutelage had a
series of bombings and started bombing
everything from Shiite mosques to UN
facilities Jordanian embassy a variety
of targets killing thousands of Shiites
now he's a Shiite
so this is how bad this guy is he goes
into Iraq with this plan that I'm gonna
push the Shiite in Iraq to Iran I'm
gonna make them come to us for
protection for coverage essentially we
can ride in there because he what does
he want he wants to exert their
influence within Iraq he doesn't want a
strong Iraq he doesn't want the US and
they're building a strong stable Iraq I
mean you go back to the iran-iraq war
where sulemani started his military
career and you know he's not there's no
way he's a true believer there's no way
he's ever gonna let it rock become
stable again and he's insane enough that
he kills thousands of Shia his own
people right in order to push the Shiite
population in Iraq to Iran I know if I'm
like being false flag operations who's
he blaming the Sunni since the Sunnis
are doing it yeah but but he's
authorized and he's pushed them into
Iraq to do this under and so he's he was
always very unusually capable at walking
a fine line between his own Shiite
believes population of things and at
times being able to be sort of a puppet
master for Sunni extremists when it
suited his cause and it's it mean it's
it's anyway it's it's fascinating stuff
whether it was dealing with Hezbollah
the you know Palestinian Islamic Jihad
or whomever he again I keep going back
to the same thing he deserved what he
got
no doubt in my mind and I'm just
surprised it didn't happen sooner maybe
not from us but from others they just
back in October the Iranians you know
claimed they foiled a an assassination
attempt against sulemani by Israel and
some unnamed Arab agents so it's not as
if we just plucked his name out you know
he'd spent two decades you know engaged
in death and mayhem now the take on him
dying has not been like to take on back
daddy and back daddy one of the most
disturbing things that I saw was the
Washington Post called him in a store
religious scholar
did you see that yeah when that guy died
they called him honest or religious
scholar and people that I talk to that
understand who he was and what was going
on there were fucking fuming they were
like what is this not who the fuck wrote
this right you're talking about a
goddamn terrorist a real legitimate
murderous terrorist and you called him
in a store religious scholar right
you're giving him this credibility that
I don't understand that either I saw
that and I'd I talked a handful of
people who you know kind of leaned in
that direction and and and and also you
get the same thing with sulemani now
suitum only I can understand he's
wrapped in the cloak of a military
uniform and you know people saw him
sitting next to the Ayatollah okay but I
look at it the same way his this is not
assassinating a foreign leader this is
not assassinating a revered scholar this
is that these are taking out terrorists
bloodthirsty terrorists who have a long
track record of killing people and and
what and it's not he was he was not you
know he was not choosy right which was
so ammonia we're talking about again
Iraqis Yemenis you know Syrians his own
people you know they they talk about
maybe some 1500 or so protesters you
know being killed in Iran in the past
few months as a result of the protests
against the Iranian regime primarily
because a corruption you know that the
fact that they've driven that economy
into a toilet at the expense of the
Iranian people lack of rights of any
sort and sulemani again as a head of the
hoods force you know the number two
person there he's responsible so I I
don't understand anybody who doesn't
just say yeah I'm yeah and I think the
left had a hard time with it the hard
left
you saw them spinning a little bit
saying okay we don't say he shouldn't
have gotten it we don't say he didn't
deserve it but and then they had to try
to figure out some way to because it's
all got to be about politics now so they
bring it back to the current president
the Trump
whenever Trump does anything even if
what he does is fantastic they can't get
behind it they almost have to get a go
against things that are great like if
the economy is great they've got to find
a reason why it's bad the economy is
great yeah if it's his decisions
to something positive you they can't
accept it yeah that's unfortunate well
we've lost our ability to I think to
look at things just in an objective
fashion in any sense of the word
objective or certainly we don't have
civil conversations anymore but but the
idea that we can look at and and
separate the politics from it look I
know again I don't care whether people
like Trump or not I don't you know I
didn't vote for him I don't mean
necessarily care for the individual but
that doesn't mean I can't like policies
right and whether you're talking about
what's going on with Iran were they
talking about you know the way that
we've been dealing with China lately
other issues I you know hey I liked I
liked President Obama didn't like his
policies you know I don't necessarily
like Trump I liked his policies I don't
see any conflict there yeah anyway no I
don't see any conflict there a billion
people are complicated and I just I just
didn't know that Trump could make the
call guy that goes take him out like
when when when I thought that was like
there was probably a panel of military
leaders and like really important people
that understand the ramifications not a
fucking game show yeah like in America's
Got Talent or people buzzer I felt like
that would be like something that they
would discuss Trump and be like yeah
option three welcome well but they talk
about and there is a great deal of
conversation that goes I'm not
necessarily with the president you know
I have no idea how he processes his
information but there's a great deal of
the conversation a discussion that goes
on in the Pentagon within the Intel
community and National Security Council
you know what happens once they lay out
these options in front of the president
you know I don't have a clue but he does
have that authority he's got that
ability in President Obama had that
authority President Obama took out
remember you know US citizens you know
who would yes over season in the Middle
East and you know there was a hue and
cry over sort of the the legality of it
but you didn't see a lot of people
saying you know and in part okay I admit
because it wasn't again this you know
sulemani is wrapped in a cloak of his
military uniform it's also people are
very concerned about this possibility of
what's going on war with Iran and they
think that this might have like started
that off yeah yeah I think what changed
the calculus here
is Iran is you know the regime is brutal
and and on an awful they're not crazy
and the one thing they want more than
anything else is to retain power that's
it and I think they looked at the idea
of a military conflict a direct military
conflict with the US and this is not to
say that their proxies won't you know
strike out it at some place around the
world at some point but the regime
looked at that thought net you know what
we're not going to do this in in part
because you know the killing of sulemani
is is important on a much bigger level
than just taking out you know a a
terrorist of his stature it's important
for deterrence purposes and so you know
I again I think they looked and felt
like the calculus and dealing with the
US has shifted now and they don't
understand it they're not comfortable
with it and also they can't afford it
look what if we got in the military
conflict over this the idea that you
know somehow we were gonna get in World
War three it would be over in an evening
literally it would be over in one night
we have the ability to take out their
entire energy infrastructure there are
missile bases there are key military
facilities and I don't want to
oversimplify this but after that first
night's activity that's it they're done
so the idea that somehow there's going
to be now does that mean that you know
we should do that of course not nobody
wants a military conflict but you know
and again there would be knock-on
repercussions excetera
so hopefully we can sort this thing out
through now that we're doing the
military deterrence and they understand
that we're serious we've got the
economic pressures we've got diplomatic
pressure primarily to keep them isolated
I think you know I think we're on the
right track with with Iran I think want
to see a different reaction from them
well I was a little bit relieved when
they attacked back and just sort of like
launched missiles on the outside of
bases nobody died I was like okay so it
seems like this is almost like they're
they're making a signal like they're
attacking but they're not really doing
anything yeah I think there was an optic
to it I think you're right absolutely
that they felt like they had to do
something yeah the ayatollahs gathered I
don't know what they call it saving face
or not but you know and then we had a
warning we had warning ahead of time
and didn't they print in their paper
didn't they say that they killed a bunch
of people they did yeah so talk yeah
they claimed about eighty or so I think
keep saying it right exactly just
whatever it takes but didn't I mean you
know and to put a look at the reaction
that we've had they'd you know of course
the Ukrainian commercial passenger jet
went down yeah
and that was them right oh that was that
was definitely them when do you think
that they shot it down because they
thought it was a US military plan yeah
it was an it look this is it
this it's not unprecedented I mean we
shut down an Iranian passenger jet years
and years ago right the Russians shot
down they still won't admit to it but
they shot down a passenger jet over
Ukraine what just a handful of years ago
at which they still won't admit to its
it's human error and it's human error in
a conflict zone and in a situation where
there's there's a lot of moving parts
and it's never gonna be a zero risk game
so if the Iranians had done this as
tragic as it is and come out and said oh
my god we you know did this okay well
this you know it would have been
horrific but they you know they did this
to themselves they did because they just
couldn't bring themselves to be truthful
they've got a long track record of not
and so they they engaged in this and and
shot it down I there's when you find
missile debris in a in a in a field
where you're doing an investigation of a
plane crash that's pretty good
indication and then there's the video on
top of that well there is a video the
missile hitting the plane they have two
missiles oh Jesus Christ
thirty second support roughly thirty
seconds apart so two missiles to bring
down a plane yeah hit the first one the
first one hit and then about thirty
seconds later not quite 30 things later
a second missile hits there's another
fireball and the plane stays up in the
air for you know a period of time just
because it's just it's not devastated
but it's it it was some twenty miles
from the airport it actually kind of
made up as if it was turning back to the
airport probably right after that first
missile hit but here's the thing I mean
that was so that's a tragic disaster
right there right but the idea that you
know somehow nobody nobody's actually
saying they did it on purpose
they didn't do it on purpose they did it
it was an accident they mistook it for
either an incoming missile or a hostile
aircraft you know coming in for bombing
run after they launched their ballistic
missile strike so nobody's saying it was
done on purpose but it's it's it again
it's it's indicative of the
Revolutionary Guard Force and the regime
itself that they spent several days
denying it and saying it was mechanical
failure and pressuring the Ukrainians to
come out and say it was mechanical
failure which they then reversed course
on that once it became obvious yeah so
it's a tragic situation but now the
protests out in the streets of Iran
which are a continuation of the past
several months right which were targeted
at a corrupt regime have picked up
strength in light of that because the
people are just we're tired of this you
know so and who knows where it's going
to go I suspect unfortunately I'm fairly
cynical about all this we've been hoping
the Iranian population would kind of
rise up for decades and it doesn't
happen because it's a pretty brutal
regime we don't understand that we don't
understand how how how difficult they
are right and how serious minded they
are about holding on to power so every
now and then we think okay how come the
protest it's gonna topple the regime and
it doesn't happen so maybe it's
different this time
I'd you know I don't think so mm-hmm now
were you concerned at all and this is
one of the things when you say that we
could go in there and level them in a
day the the real issue is they're allies
right the real issue is China and Russia
yeah but they're not gonna do anything
China and Russia aren't got do anything
it's not in their best interest and they
they if they're consistent about one
thing both those countries it's that
they act in their own best interests and
they would look at that and go yeah yeah
I'm sorry
I mean look so what are we dealing with
and in that immediate area Iran's
closest ally is Syria right Soleimani
so the money spent you know billions of
you know Iranian dollars or money that
they couldn't afford to and this should
have been spent on its population arming
training equipping and dealing with
the Syrian war and keeping his pal Assad
in power so Iran and the Sutton and
Syria are tied together but is Syria in
a position to somehow rise up and you
know engage this is not gonna be this
wouldn't have been a conflict as we
imagine it right it wouldn't be a
conflict of occupying space and ground
although it nobody wants that nobody
needs it's not it's not good for anybody
I'm not saying that I'm just saying that
in the scheme of things we would have
overwhelming superior support
superiority yeah and and yeah I I can't
imagine a scenario where Russia you know
would come in and in fact we would
probably as you know as anybody would we
would say okay look the Russian military
is in Syria we're gonna lay eyes were
they gonna advise you you know shits
coming down and because we the last
thing we wanna do is drag them into it
by hitting some of their facilities or
personnel or whatever so there would be
that level of coordination which there
always is no matter who the parties are
there's always some element of
coordination but anyway yeah I don't see
that happening I think we've averted
that I hope we've averted sort of
further military you know conflict I
think again I think the Iranian regime
understands it's a new day perhaps that
they'll come to the table eventually
that's what this whole maximum pressure
campaigns about is to again create
sufficient economic pressure ensure that
they understand the idea of deterrence
which I think they do after this strike
on sulemani and that that goes back a
ways this wasn't just like something
that just you know they thought up after
an American contractor was killed the
Iranian regime had been ratcheting up
their aggressiveness and their attacks
and their various operations in that
region for a quite a while and we had
been talking to them about it or getting
the signal to them that you've got to
stop this and back in December they were
told look if you continue this path we
are going to take serious action and we
did how difficult is it to get
intelligence on what they're up to
and and what what they're planning with
their response before like when when
you're here in America I mean how do we
do it like yeah who's over there like
how do they do that how do they find out
exactly what these guys were up to well
a lot of its old-school human human
intelligence right so through sources
and a lot of that sourcing comes from
our allies so whether it's the Israelis
or the Jordanians or the Saudis are
whomever
so they know someone who's on the inside
or like how does it work they've got a
source they've got some recruited asset
you know Iran's always been a tough
target for us just like North Korea's a
tough target and so we rely heavily on
our liaison partners and but oftentimes
no matter how good your signals
intelligence is right no matter how good
you are at a gathering SIGINT or photo
interpretation of overhead imagery it's
still to this day no matter how good
technology gets you can't beat having an
asset having a human who's sitting in a
meeting somewhere and then for whatever
their motivation is whatever their you
know reason for doing it they're
cooperating with you or our liaison
partners and they're saying well here's
what happened or here's how that person
looked right I mean maybe you get
signals intelligence because you're
you're picking up you know
communications and then what do you got
you got something on piece of paper and
you're reading a transcript of a meeting
but if you've got somebody who's in that
meeting and you can tell you what people
looked like or what the actual
atmosphere was or the mood or the way
that I mean that's invaluable right and
so we rely a great deal on that but
you're basically your Hoover up
everything you can from all the various
different types of intelligence
capabilities but it's it's a it's a
tough target I mean there's no doubt
about it I mean that's why this whole
nuclear weapons program with Iran has
always been so difficult I mean and you
talk to people they go well they've got
about a I got about a 12-month breakout
time before they'd have a nuclear weapon
and then other people say well I think
they got about a three-month breakout
time well when you're talking about how
long it's gonna take them to have a
nuclear weapon you'd like to get that
there those parameters a little closer
together right so that you're not having
a complete guess but it's tough and you
know we we spend a lot of time working
on that but I
I would would say that we have
tremendous allies in that region and you
know I know the people it's fashionable
nowadays to say well the Trump
administration we've been you know
pushing away our allies and they don't
want to work with us and that you know
what they do in part because again it's
the same old story it's in their best
interest all right so is there any
benefit to having someone like Trump
who's very difficult to to read because
he's what you know he's he's the kind of
guy like when when back daddy was killed
he said he died like a dog like he says
crazy shit and he and he talks about
like with Iran that he was that they
might respond back with disproportionate
results or with a disproportionate
response in comparison to the the
initial attack yeah yeah the fifty two
cultural sites but that was so crazy
like to to represent the fifty two
people that were kidnapped in the
fucking Carter Administration yeah well
yeah we don't really need to go with the
symbolism fellas we could just just pick
some targets but let's not pick the
cultural sites yeah that's you know oh
yeah those are historic yeah well you
know what that's that's where I say look
I understand why people you know oh my
god you know and yeah yeah but at the
same time that doesn't mean you can't
like you know policies that are in place
so I always put that out there oh I see
yeah I get it that's that's ridiculous
right and it's a self-inflicted wound
and you could argue that you know that
most of the problems they deal with out
of this White House our self-inflicted
wounds because there's a lack of
discipline and so it'd be nice if the
president was more buttoned up of course
that's not gonna be the way it works he
he he I think I do I know but he firmly
believes I think that this is why he got
elected I think that thing it is why
you're gonna elected really yeah I think
a lot of why he got elected is cuz he's
wild and people like it they like it
they're like something different they're
tired of these people that sound like
politicians you know you hear you know
pick a person Elizabeth Warren you hear
them talk and you feel the bullshit
coming out of their mouth while they're
talking you know that they're playing a
role you know that they're with Trump he
might be arrogant he might be crazy he
might be ridiculous but that's him
that's that guy I bet if you around him
all day long he's like that I mean
that's the that's the thing that people
one of the things
people like about him he's like that all
the time that's that's who he is yeah
like he's not bought he doesn't need to
bullshit
he's Donald Trump he's a fucking multi
billionaire who is now the president of
the United States so it's like he
doesn't feel the need to put on an act
for anybody so when he comes out and
says he died like a dog like that's
that's how he would talk yeah yeah no I
think the consistency I think you're
right there is there's an element of
look I'm tired I am tired of the
bullshit I mean I see what you're saying
but I guess what I think then is I mean
what are the chances that you get the
twenty twelve more in 2020 look at that
but we get down to November to the
election and people are just exhausted
by it so they wanted something different
now they've had it are they gonna get to
this point in November and get ready to
vote and think I can't take another four
years of it even though it's
entertaining I'm exhausted
people don't like change they get scared
of change and if things are going well
economically and if you know if if it
turns out that this thing with Iran
doesn't turn into anything disastrous by
the time November rolls around I think
he's gonna win in a landslide I really I
don't see unless Bernie Sanders and
Tulsi Gabbard get together and then
everybody goes you know what that would
work like this is this is a real
combination of people that I could I
could get behind unless it's something
like that where there's like some
overwhelming candidate but I don't see
that idaite then they seem to be pushing
for Elizabeth Warren I don't see that
yeah she was a Republican most of her
career and then she became a Democrat
like when she was in her late 40s
if I find maybe it's just me but but you
know I don't see a consistent policy
message there I don't see I don't see
that happening for for her this
go-around maybe maybe it'll change maybe
you need I don't know but problem is I
feel like these people just want to be
President I feel like it's a self
aggrandizement thing they just want to
be President I think you could argue
that about anybody in politics so you
could you can say that I mean you know
you've met that person right it was in
politics now who started out by being
ahead of the Republican or Democratic
Club in high school that's all they want
to do it in their a state senator and
then they say Oh am I gonna run for
Congress and you think what's up what
the fuck I mean how it's gotta be
something you know yeah the wirings off
a little bit
that's the problem right anybody that
wants to be President you wouldn't want
to be President
well I mean I think if you if you look
at if you look at who they've got on the
other side all right I mean I I thought
for a while that well maybe the
Republicans are gonna primary trump
right and then I realized that's a
crazy-ass idea no one said we're gonna
do that no one's gonna get in there and
go again stir it up with him for a
primary yeah it's the who hello there's
no one that stands out like you would
need someone that already stands out I
mean here we are in January you would
need someone that already stands out
we're talking about doing 10 months from
now you need someone that's already in
the public eye you can't just jump to
the head of the line like that no but
especially from the Republican side if
he if you say he wins he get in 2020 got
four years I tell you one person I would
I would love to see jump in I don't
think she'd ever do it but would be
Condoleezza Rice and just super smart
good person you know terrific
I don't know but again I don't think
that's gonna I don't think it's gonna
happen I don't know that we've do you
think she would run for president I mean
I would like to think so I doubted it
she hasn't shown any interest in I think
she's enjoying private life too much
yeah and all the shit she's smart yeah
Iraq war never these public can't take
that and stick it up your ass I'm gonna
hang out in my ranch or whatever the
fuck she's got Republican administration
has got to have a ramjet a ranch
somewhere and you lay low
Oh Cheney he's got a ranch he's got we
definitely got a ranch guy Bush's got
around you'd be better aim but he's got
a ranch I think he was a little that was
one of my favorite times he shot his
friend in his face and his friend
apologized yeah that's how gangster Dick
Cheney is yeah so I got my face the way
sir I'm sorry I look like a quail sir I
got my my oldest boy for Christmas 12
years old and great and great great kids
scooter I get him a airsoft a Glock
replica and I didn't know much about
airsoft right I mean who doesn't mean
I've got it I've got a walk-in safe full
of weapons but none of them are airsoft
weapons I don't you know but he really
wanted one his buddies have him they
they go out shooting and
you know they do the old-school thing
right they put on a couple of layers of
clothes and some eye protection they go
shoot each other so how could I say no
so we we go to the store to this combat
supply shop that specializes in airsoft
and I was I was really impressed I mean
the machining on these things is
fantastic right first of all and I was
expecting some you know the old-school
pellet guns and BB guns the Crossman's
things like that you know that a plastic
for the most part in everything this is
a solid piece of work and anyway so yeah
on this thing he's turned out I know
where I was going with us - OH shooting
in the shot he's actually I suspect he's
a better shot than Cheney
as it turns out and he's got his hunting
TIFF get and he's been through that
education program and you know he's in
the scouts and to go out shooting every
now and then and but it took him almost
no time at all right in terms of
practice - to develop I I'm I'm boasting
about my 12 year olds target shooting
ability I realized that's not why most
viewers tuned in sometimes they want to
know yeah yeah yeah maybe so anyway so
that stay but yeah I think I think I
think you're right nobody's going to
primary this president and I think we're
left with this this field of potential
candidates on the demo and I I tend to
agree I think it's going to be a
landslide unless there's some if the
market tanks for whatever reason because
there's some international crisis
somewhere and it sends things down
through the floor maybe but if the
economy stays the way it is and the Dems
seem to wander into their you know
primary season this unorganized as they
seem to be yeah I could see a mourning
again big well I think people want to
look at him as being all bad but if if
what he's done in the moves that he's
made are great for the economy and and
think and things appear to be very good
right ya know I think again you can't
but the problems they can't separate
that right you can't
yeah you can't find that progressive
who's gonna stop and go well you know
the economy is good or they say it it
always followed by a but you know it's
not good for everybody well it's never
good for everybody
it's true - yeah it isn't no yeah I mean
they want the economy to be the way it
is but
they want Bernie Sanders economic
policies you know and it's it's
interesting because I think that someone
who supports big business the way Trump
does he encourages people to to move
business forward I mean it encourages
the market encourages people to spend
money it encourages people to take risks
if the the more he makes it easier for
these big businesses also the more
people get outraged but then the economy
picks up it's like boy there's a I don't
know what the correct way to do this is
but there even though I'm not a Trump
fan there are definite benefits to the
way he has been running the country yeah
when you talk about the just sort of the
some of the basic metrics you look at
the unemployment rate I mean and and I
would just I just finished a
conversation the other day I mean Idaho
not to bring in Idaho but Idaho's got
the second strongest state economy in
the nation right the unemployment rate
is is it's almost negligible it's crazy
how strong it is at this point cuz
there's solid people of solid people we
all have ranches exactly there's
something to that though there's solid
people yeah I mean Idaho is a fucking
there's real people up there go up there
it's fucking cold as shit there's wolves
and bears
those are real goddamn people I've got
to come back coming back up definitely
come back yeah I would definitely come
back I'll schedule something yeah that
would be great but I think that I think
the the point with the the economy is
that that it does and again I get it not
everybody's in the stock market of
course not everybody's in the stock
market but as it improves or we're tax
cuts you know that old it was only for
the rich it you can't tell me that
people haven't been benefitting from it
and yes you're gonna be at you gonna be
segments it takes longer or you gotta
work harder or whatever it is to feel
that improvement but it's there and and
again I don't see unless unless there's
something that sends it heading south
and I think the the Democrats are in a
difficult position they can't talk it
down Michael Bloomberg's trying he's not
democratic so I know what he is but he's
not what is it was the Republican here
Democrats Tom Steyer yeah yeah I keep
want to say steyr and away
tired it makes me sound clever but Tom
Steyer yeah but I think the Bloomberg is
trying to say look this you know the
economy needs to be adjusted needs to be
fixed I don't think anybody buys it
right because it just there's no
supporting data for that and so they
have a hard time battling against the
economy which is why I think they try to
avoid it for the most part I mean that
that debate last night did you watch it
and no yeah I don't watch them
I pushed Tulsi Gabbard out I stopped
watching how much you guys are out of
your fucking mind
she's the most interesting candidate out
there yeah next to Marion Williams that
bitch is crazy I'm crazy no I say the
term of endearment but isn't she like a
crystal healer or some shit yes she was
trying to come on the podcast to she's
doing a tour yeah that is that's a boat
with a lot of holes in it and they're
gonna make it across the harbor it was
like talking to it's like talking to
what are your aunt's right we need crazy
aunts yeah comes over for the holidays
you know and so what do you don't want
I'm a day you a dreamcatcher anything
like that
Thank You catcher
I think Bernie Sanders has some
interesting thoughts and talking to him
in person in real life I like him a lot
and he's not like what he comes off in
those goddamn debates because those
debates are ridiculous you get five
people in front of the camera the ask
him a question they have 30 seconds to
answer it everybody else is jumping and
yelling things out they're all trying to
get a soundbite that's all it is it's
not it's not actually a debate I mean
remember you don't debate club I mean
yes and it's not it's not that it's it's
exactly yeah it's exactly what you said
it sound bites a series of sound bites
they're all looking to have a moment
yeah you don't want to screw up so they
want to have a kind of a safe moment
right and they go through I agree with
you I like I like Bernie because he's
been consistent you can go back to the
80s yeah say in the same shit that you
say and now yeah and and I think there
is something to that now I don't I don't
buy his his arguments you know I don't I
don't but I like the guy and I like the
fact that he's consistent and he means
what he says
and so I you know I again I I can
separate out liking him from liking his
policy yeah I
I don't see a problem there but I don't
think they're gonna let Bernie there was
there was a moment I'll tell you about
last night that won this debate thing
where I think it was the CNN moderator
she asked Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth
Warren had come out the other day and
said that she had a private conversation
with Bernie and during the conversation
yeah Bernie said do your woman's ever
gonna win
that's my woman's never gonna win can't
win being president I he was more
eloquent than that but the voice sounded
just like it and and so he's denied it
so the moderator last night during this
debate asked Bernie Sanders let me just
be clear she said are you saying that
you've never said this to Elizabeth
Warren and Brody said absolutely not
very next words out of the moderate
mouth was she turned or was born said so
senator Warren when Bernie said to you
that he never or no when Bernie said to
you that a woman couldn't be President
how did you feel Jesus Christ that was
it that and so I think that they're not
even trying now to hide the fact that
they want to marginalize Sanders yeah
so why did they want to marginalize him
because I think they feel I can't
there's no way you can win know what it
is yeah I think on a national level I
think the devil is above Warren can win
after lying about being Native American
for our whole life yeah yeah that's a
fucking big one to me oh by the way by
the way I was one of my boys was home
sick the other day from school the
middle boy Sluggo and so we were sitting
on the sofa I said you know yeah you're
not feeling well I watch a movie now god
bless him he's ten years old he
considers himself a baller all he wants
to do is play basketball that's all he
wants to do with his life he knows he's
gonna get recruited by Turk he knows
he's gonna end up in the NBA and but
we're sitting there and it was really
kind of sweet cuz he's you know he's got
all this hard side to him and I'm just
playing ball and then he says well yeah
let's watch it Disney movie so we kind
of dial up Disney Plus because we like
where were sheep and we bought the
Disney Plus thing and and Peter Pan and
the original Peter Pan right the
original Disney Peter Pan so we turned
it on and I'd forgotten what that movie
was like in terms of its treatment of
Native Americans oh it's horrible okay
so well watch did we get to that part
where you know they're they're singing
that song and that
boys lost boys are tied up with Wendy
and Michael and all and that the chief
comes in and he wants to find Tigerlily
you're the princess you know because you
know hook is the viewers are like what
the hell's going on
so anyway I'm sitting there and and even
Sluggo looks at me and he goes well this
is kind of racist
well that's we had a conversation I said
yeah you know what you yeah pretty much
what I told him but anyway well
particularly about Native Americans I
mean they just they were able to get
away with it
nobody nobody protested it I've been I'm
reading this book now I'm listening to
it on tape called Black Elk speaks it's
about this Iguala Sioux medicine man who
was while he was still alive in the
1930s they wrote this book we told the
story of Custer and he was there he was
a young boy when Custer was killed and
he told the story of like life on the
plains and Crazy Horse and it's fucking
fascinating what was it written it's
written in 1930s okay let's go black Elk
speaks yeah I've read I've listened to
on tape this is like the fourth or fifth
one that I've listened to on Native
Americans over the last couple of months
but this is the best one this is the
best one because not that the other ones
weren't great they were great but what's
interesting about this is the actual
words of a man who lived that life it's
not just a historical a book about the
time and describes the events the time
this is a guy describing what he saw and
he was talking particular about war
about the way it was when you know they
killed Custer and you know he was there
when they killed Custer and just the
battles between the American soldiers
and the Native Americans it's like it's
crazy it's crazy to think that it
happened just a short time ago you know
and it's also crazy to think that if no
one came to America if like if the world
just stayed in Europe and Asia and then
the way it had been before Columbus and
before the pilgrims and all that shit
these people would probably still be
living like that because that's not that
long ago
well is it mean you think about it it's
what was it it was a warring tribal
culture
yeah well I mean we all still we have
this I'm probably gonna make a watch at
this point but yeah warring tribal
cultures in the Middle East right I mean
it's it's a it's it's it's it's a
difficult environment right in which to
say okay we're gonna have some sort of
federal system we're gonna come together
we're gonna wear the greater good you
know and but I mean I think it's I will
say this I the most depressing scenes
I've ever seen have been on Native
American Indian reservations in this
country and I've never been oh my god
I've never been other than casinos it's
just you go and you and I'd like I'd
spent most of my adult life overseas
right and some pretty grim places and I
am the first time I was on a reservation
here in the u.s. how can this how can
this possibly be here I know that's a
naive thought and people think well how
could you not know that it was here but
it's you know a it's not a good history
but be it's it's not a good follow-up
either I mean right we haven't we just
to this day we don't do a very good job
at all and the reservation systems not
not all and of course it's night it's
like every year you know not every urban
center is you know crime rate I mean a
that's ridiculous but I'm just saying in
general you know some of the most
difficult places I've ever seen have
been right here in our borders on Indian
reservations and good god yeah I want to
get someone who's in someone to come in
here who's a Native American who's a
historian who really understands the
history of of their tribe someone who
could come in here and talk to me about
it because I just had this sort of a
peripheral understanding of it up until
about five or six months ago I really
you know I I had seen movies and I had
read books and I'd kind of understood
but I didn't really really get into it
and so I started reading these books and
it's just it's just incredible to think
that there was millions and millions of
tribes are millions and millions of
members of different tribes living in
this country like basically like Stone
Age people 150 years ago and oftentimes
you know in constant conflict with each
other
yes oh that's a bad thing that I didn't
really understand yeah the horrific
things they did to each other kidnapped
each other tortured each other then we
came along they're like the fuckin like
not privates he's
we brought him a whole new level well
soon as we figured out repeating guns as
soon as they figured out revolvers with
more than one bullet this because they
were fighting the Comanches originally
they were fighting him with muskets and
the Comanches could shoot like six
arrows in ten seconds so they were just
lighting these fucking soldiers up
because they couldn't reload right so
they wait for the initial volley and
then they'd charge in and they also
could there were such great horsemen
they could actually shoot underneath the
horse's neck so they'd hold on to the
reins somehow where they were under the
horse's neck and they were protected and
they were shooting at the soldiers now
and they were shooting from horses
nobody knew how to do that before
everybody got off the horse to shoot
yeah and they was covering horse but
he's covering concealment
how the Comanches apparently dominated
is that they had so many horses they
were rich in horses they are the ones
that figured out how to master the horse
the best
they also used small horses they didn't
use like these big horses that the
Americans used right there were small
people Comanches were fairly small
people ya know it's it is it is a
absolutely it's a fascinating history
I've spent more time reading sort of the
military aspects of of the Indian Wars
right um you know the US military side
of things and occasionally it'll a book
will stray into sort of okay well let's
look you know from a perspective of you
know the whichever tribe they were in
battle with but not usually very good so
I'll pick up this book cuz it it is it's
an amazing history and you're right it's
not that long ago there's another great
book well there's quite a few from a
blood and thunder it's yes hit Carson
read that yeah yeah that dude get him on
the show yeah he it was tremendous right
huh and from nothing I can try nothing
well and was a small guy wasn't you know
had a soft voice and yeah there was a
show men who made America I think or it
was a follow on from that but they they
had a handful of episodes about Kit
Carson but they kind of went through
they picked out some of the sort of the
the individuals you would imagine right
I mean Daniel Boone and and some of the
others characters as the frontier I
think a minute who built a frontier I
think it's what's called as a follow-on
to that seer
that they did but the men who built
America okay which seems misogynistic
but women probably helped they they you
know behind every great Titan of
industry there was a woman and several
of his mistresses but I think that this
this thing about building the frontiers
was interesting they tried they tried to
provide a perspective from the Native
American Indians point of view I don't
think they necessarily did a very good
job because I think they just had so
much room to cover but it was still
worth watching
so mmm it was it was a good series yeah
I think most of us are pretty ignorant
to what goes on on the reservations
today and me included you know you hear
these horrible stories of alcoholism and
poverty and you know it's just they're
they live in these nations inside of a
nation that's what it's what's very
strange and the only thing that really
you know those natural resources that
can help them but really gambling
gambling becomes a big revenue source
for a lot of them and then and then
people are trying to get in the system
no pun intended but people gaming the
system and saying I'm gonna create this
non-existent tribe right that in
Washington DC is get swing a dead cat
without hitting some lobbyist who's
trying to push for designation of some
obscure element as a tribe right so that
they can simply apply for it caming
license yeah yeah yeah I I don't know
I'm not sure how you how you turn that
around there's the the Native American
Indian Museum in DC that opened several
years back it's very good it's a little
tough to follow I will say this much in
terms of just the way they've laid the
museum out right and but it's it's just
absolutely full to the ceiling of
incredible stories and artifacts and
history bits but it's definitely worth
people going to DC if they if they're
saying okay I'm gonna go to the
Smithsonian's they should put that one
on the list because it's it's really
fascinating it's really good anyway but
what else oh I know what I went to do I
was gonna bring up because I can't come
on the show without talking about Huawei
only in on the periphery today the Trump
administration signed this first portion
of a deal with China and so it's a trade
pact right there's been this trade
battle obviously and I just I just
thought I was flying out here and I was
thinking about it it's interesting
dynamic right because you know people
talk about this current administration
is not having any strategy and sometimes
it does seem frankly that way what I was
seeing the other day that it is there is
actually this an interesting split in
terms of how they're dealing with China
so on the one hand we've got this
softening of the trade war you know
they're gonna as a result of signing
what they signed today with China is
sort of the first stage trade agreement
it's mostly involves you know increased
purchases by China of us goods there's
some talk about them scaling back their
theft of intellectual property feeling
bad scaling back yeah okay you know
we're not gonna stop stealing but but
there's there's that element to it but
at the same time as they're doing this
and as a result of that we're gonna have
we're gonna cut in half our tariffs on
quite a bit of a large amount of goods
and I think we're gonna drop the idea of
imposing more tariffs on some other
goods but even while we're doing that so
that's happening right but as we're
doing that we're also ratcheting up
pressure and some sanctions and some
legislation against the technology side
of things so we're still coming down on
Huawei Congress is trying to push
through something that's going to make
it even more difficult for US companies
to do business with them overseas but I
think it's interesting right because
we're you know there's there's some
people I think in Washington go well we
can't do both what Coit you can do both
right you can talk to the Chinese in in
real terms and say yeah let's let's you
know let's focus on the trade what we're
gonna do this we're gonna make a little
bit easier let's let's create a trade
environment where it's good for both of
us at the same time you know what you're
still you know stealing our shit and
while we still a national security
threat so we're still going to focus on
this and I you know this is not saying
I'm singing praises of this current
ministration I'm just saying that any
administration should be able
operate on different levels right when
it comes to the same band but we don't
we haven't seemed to do that it's like
with Iran you know well okay we're you
know and then in the past if they just
gave some indication that they were
gonna play ball with us we'd ease up on
the sanctions even though they hadn't
done anything about their their pursuit
of terrorism and and other things that
they were doing because we felt like in
Washington I think sometimes DC is like
oh you can't do two things at one time
that seemed to be conflicting well the
real world says I think that you can so
I think China gets it now I don't think
they're gonna stop stealing it seems to
be how they operated yeah yeah
especially when you consider the fact
that the government is so inexorably
connected to hallway like you when you
were explaining how big business and the
government are hand-in-hand they're not
two separate entities they work
completely together and so with Huawei
since they have been busted having third
party access to data and stealing
packets and stuff with routers because
they have done that you got to think
well that's probably a part of the way
they do business
well it's it is it's it's it's it's in
their system I mean they made a decision
decades ago right this is how we're
going to achieve superiority in the
world we're going to get to the top of
the food chain by skipping all the cost
and and and pain of research and
development we're just gonna Hoover up
everything we can from not just the US
but everybody so you know part of this
all this this pushback against China has
been specifically trying to say look you
got to stop that we understand it we're
calling you out on it we're doing now
we've tried doing that a handful of
times in the past and half-hearted
manner this time you know I think the
Chinese understand we're more serious
about it and we are trying to implement
certain measures that will prevent some
of that theft but at the same time I
think it as you said it's part of how
they do business right we're not going
to so I think we have to be pragmatic in
all of this and think yeah we're it's
good that we're pushing them on it's
good that we're telling them it's good
that we're trying to rebalance the trade
environment that were calling out
hallway that we're talking to our allies
about not doing business with them
because all they all they really want is
they want an access point right so if
they do business with the UK suddenly in
this
seamless world of communications now
they've got a entry point into the u.s.
so it's you know we're working to try to
get our allies to stay onboard with us
about that but yeah the Chinese they
subsidized Huawei and the government
does in a big way and it's we just have
to be realistic right we're not gonna
change their their behavior in a in a
major way they're just gonna become more
sophisticated or more obtuse about how
they do it well the best evidence to me
that there's really something going on
is that Google's even stepped in right
Google the goulds even say we won't even
give you our access to Google store
anymore if you want to have a huawei
phone even if you buy it from overseas
it will not work on the Google ecosystem
yeah so what always done is they've
started their own little weird App Store
and they've started creating their own
apps they're essentially frozen out of
the ecosystem that Google provides in
the Google Play Store provides but you
can side load some apps by going to the
website like you can side load you can
download some of them and put them on a
phone but they're they're essentially
relegated to these weird Chinese
versions of a lot of the popular
applications and it's a very limited
selection and when it comes to high-end
cell phones like what is the new Huawei
phone I think it's called the mate 30
pro they meant another one there this is
the other chest now yeah right son of a
bitch son of it so they their phones
they come out with new ones all the time
like an iPhone which is the top of the
food chain in America right they come
out once a year yeah
once a year they bang out a new phone
Huawei is cranking these fucking bad
boys out every couple of months in every
couple months they have a giant leap and
improvement more megapixels better night
vision more storage more battery life
more this more that a higher pixel
density in the screens so their phones
literally are the top of the food chain
phones it's really kind of fascinating
because a lot of American phones like
look at that bad boy
p40 design gets leaked showing triple
like a camera yeah so they're using like
these fucking incredible cameras
yeah sort of yeah and so it's sort of
similar to the iPhone it's more
interesting yeah yeah we copy them a lot
yeah now that's true
I mean that's a design element of it
yeah and but I think I mean look at look
at wha wait you know we hear we've been
banging on about them for for some time
Congress has been trying to take actions
and at the end of this past year end of
what 2019 Huawei reported you know some
20% increase in their revenues yeah of
course so we're talking about them well
I know a lot of people did before this
sort of makes you doing I'm actually I'm
actually yeah you know I got a contract
with Huawei so that's why I keep banging
on the Google thing really fucked them
up because before that a lot of the tech
guys in America were buying them from
Amazon or buying them from websites and
then just putting their SIM cards in it
and using it even though 18t won't sell
them and Verizon won't sell them but now
that won't even work anymore because now
you don't have access to the Google Play
Store if they could figure out a way to
sweet-talk their way back in the Google
Play Store there would be the biggest
fucking cell phone company in the world
they offer developer 26 million dollars
to build apps for his flagship phones
after being banned from using Google's
App Store yeah but the thing is like
building the apps is not good enough you
have to have apps that everybody is
using right right you make your own
Instagram nobody gives a fuck you're not
on Instagram are you on Instagram it
says there are major apps available
through hallways app Gow such as Amazon
snapchat tic toc and fortnight but most
popular apps are still missing that's
interesting Amazon's like fuck you we
want some money
yeah oh yeah is it his new life now or
just his girl I think this girl she used
to be married to the former owner of the
UFC or the one of the she used to be
married to one of the current owners of
the UFC oh all right so she's she like
stepped up man the owner of the UFC is a
very wealthy man too but these not Bezos
wealthy no yes he's on next level
wealthy that's like if you get divorced
for sure you're getting a billion yeah
he's got a hundred and fifty he can give
you a billion just to shut you up just
like just give her up Billy
let's get this over with yeah let's get
this over with Marty it's sign the
paperwork but I could see he's a
handsome man I could see him attracting
it really hot I don't think right hey
you know look at that face Wow
he looks like a guy in a movie he looks
a little like Paul Shaffer in that
picture you remember the old David
Letterman's old bandleader look at this
yeah you're right it does yes Dave yeah
Jeff Bezos reportedly threw a
star-studded birthday bash for his
girlfriend Lauren Sanchez look at her
she's like such a WoW she should have
someone should Photoshop dollar bills on
her glasses like but she is not a cop
it's not a really good picture her she
doesn't look she's kind of she's got a
weird she's hot as fuck
really yeah but she's you know she's hot
as fuck in almost 50 okay 50th birthday
yeah okay I wonder what he got today
buyer whatever the fuck she wants yeah
Jeff Bezos I guess sorry at 50 they keep
it together it's a different 50 yeah
when I was a kid when a lady was 50 that
was a dead lady she's barely alive but
now 50 elves they're in the gym doing
squats there yeah it's just it's
different they exercise people now
imagine you like cruising gyms looking
for girls doing squat no I'm just saying
I've seen 50 year old that aren't very
good like who's that what's that girl
Elizabeth Hurley oh yeah oh she's a
fucking movie star her Instagram is all
pictures of her and her underwear you
know why because she's likes good three
anywhere yes and she's 54 she's 54 and
she's she knows the fucking sand is thin
on that hourglass there ain't a lot at
the top the top chamber Dana lot left
yeah so she's like she's showing them
goods she was she was with others she is
your aunt Hugh Grant that's right look
at hot chiz yeah
54 like if you saw her give me another
one of those Jamie when would he got
there do another one of them bikini
there's a bunch of bikini pictures that
they're like if you saw her somewhere
you would go that's not 35 year old
woman for it's different these days yeah
well there's a lot of I will say this
though there are a lot of filters out
there now that's true I know I could
look 12
but look at that one in the middle that
doesn't look filtered the one that was
my party picture yeah that looks like
her part yes she definitely looks oh
yeah she's right like she just came off
the set from Austin Powers
yeah she's fucking hot man she's still
hot like legitimately hot like people go
yeah but she's 54 you go shut the fuck
up what do you hate what's wrong with
you man yeah look at that one that with
the right with their boobs whoa what was
that taken though last week that was
just on mono ruined trees my right your
fuck yeah just putting in the work yeah
that metal picture I'm not sure about
the middle picture with the two soldiers
say I'm not sure whether it was that
taken in Liechtenstein every soldiers
I'm from what's up with their fake
mustache do they are painted on mustache
got a whole army of guys like that that
they come out on the battlefield dressed
like the London Coliseum do they make
them put rosy cheeks on no those are
those are natural yes that's the British
weather did cold and damp gives you
cheeks weird
yeah is that they have fake mustaches
all right the ballet The Nutcracker make
that picture bigger and cut those
dummies out she looks hot and look at
the one right next to it good to go to
the one picture right next to that one
Jamie that one yeah whoa she's hot okay
she's hot as fuck it's quite the piece
of jewelry she's just there yeah between
those oh yeah it's just amazing that
this is a that women can do this now
like you didn't you couldn't do it like
you couldn't do that before it's like
you hit a wall and that's welcome to the
wall but you know here's what I would
say they would they would argue I think
those same hot women would argue that
for dudes it's different you can be a
schlub at 54 right you can't walk guys
you don't give a shit you just kind of
like oh joy whatever
yeah like Jack Nicholson's a thousand
years old and still banging twice yeah
yeah he does that
sidelines at a Lakers game you think oh
my god no I know what it is it's like
most women find him repulsive but you
don't want most women yeah you want the
women that don't find you repulsive and
when you're really
famous that's a considerable number
that's what's crazy yeah no that's true
so like there's 300 million plus people
in this country that's probably of
dating age let's just let's just say
there's 70 million women that are that
could be dating Jack Nicholson look at
them they're probably probably off but
let's say so 70 million that he could
choose from let's get crazy let's say
it's a hundred million that's quite the
picture 100 million 90 million of them
would think he's disgusting what the
fuck out of those 10 million and those
10 million that are left five million
ability he's not that bad and then 1
million would be like I'd fuck them
right now that's what you want right now
1 million I live here North Dakota they
just want to come to LA Jack's gonna
make me famous he blew up my Instagram
yeah yeah I can see that I can see
getting in in your in your Kia and
driving across County to fuck yeah
there's glasses man just look everything
about cheeseburger fries doesn't give a
fuck go there he's back in his heyday is
young that dude man like shit back then
look at that college that was that was
back when a collar meant something yeah
yeah it is amazing yeah and you know he
keeps on rocking in the faroe ya know
yeah but that's that's that's what women
would say is it so how come we have to
have new you hear that all the time
right how come you know society requires
us to you know do 1,000 squats a week
and and you know their right to smoke
over here he doesn't have to do anything
and he's still pulling thought but the
response to that would be you don't even
have to be rich hmm if you're hot and
you're a woman you just have to be nice
yes a guy who's hot good luck
what are you gonna get out of that you
ain't getting shit out of that stupid
goddamn job ya know you got it you'd I
think that's I read some study somewhere
and I've put it out of my mind but I do
remember there was an aspect of it that
did say well you know what
what do women see is an attractive
element of a man and to this day it's
still the ability to provide Yeah right
just like you know it's a smile she has
on her face she's not bummed out to be
with him now we've been a different
story if we were cavemen and we had to
rely on Jeff basically provide right
that's not happening right but but yeah
I mean it's anyway so yeah so Amazon's
doing business with with the new door
yeah that's kind of yeah tick-tocks a
Chinese company already right and no is
there some talk I mean they've been
making efforts you know to limit the
ability for tik-tok to do business you
know like I think the US military's is
instructed all personnel to stay off a
tick-tock you know or not - yeah really
yeah again because of the same concern
the whole idea is this platform because
you know these these companies can argue
all they want to that they're
independent from the Chinese you know
authorities but ultimately the Chinese
authorities knock on their door and say
we would like access to your database
because we want to Hoover up all the
information about every US military
person you know that's stationed
wherever or you know they're gonna do it
they're trying to get one of the top
tik-tok executives in here really yeah
interesting now I don't even understand
Tech Talk I mean I I know the kids kids
usually kids like it look at this make
tic toc videos it's considered a cyber
threat lieutenant-colonel Robin and Army
spokeswoman told military comm we do not
allow it on government phone there you
go that a cyber threat an effective tool
for reaching young people of generation
how old is Generation see they're 12
what is it my daughter is 11 it's fuckin
all about tick-tock
yeah teaching me tick-tock dances I'm
learning my daughter literally she
thinks it's hilarious she's teaching me
tick-tock dances and we practice for
like fucking half an hour but what is it
is it just another version of like
little videos okay little videos but my
11 year olds really into it
Mountains all think it's hilarious I was
gonna say I Drive I Drive slow go to his
basketball practices and occasionally
there's you know two or three other
knuckleheads in the car and they're all
that's all they're doing is they're
talking about comparing tik-tok videos
or I think we're yeah yeah I can't I
can't
I'm too busy I'm not interested YouTube
started as just a cat videos and so many
videos and now it's whatever it is jump
on board James just saying it's not do
you think I should jump on you shouldn't
not jump on board let me ask you this
isn't oneplus isn't that a Chinese
company as well find out what that is
one plug because oneplus is accepted
right
I mean oneplus monsters a lot of things
they make really high-end phones as well
how come they don't get the same kind
scrutiny
I suspect they they do it just hasn't
hit the press and me tick-tock blew up I
guess as a app that well kids you know I
can so it became but I didn't realize
generate how again how old is Generation
Z is that a like a twenty I don't even
know what that is it's below Millennials
it's like the next next thing whatever
so it's below Millennials okay that's
when we're really fucked with that's
when we really get to see the fruits of
our labor let's check out the ten year
old you know not to disappear our rabbit
hole but I agree I think we have no idea
we have no idea what technology is how
it's going to impact in the long run we
don't have enough of a test case yet
right and I can look at my kids in there
and just within my little microcosm of
my three little dudes their sort of
their attention span right and their
ability to and you can see it impacting
it and you can see it impact the way
that they study the way they learn the
way and I don't think you know again I'm
not a Luddite you know but I don't know
that we're doing ourselves any favors
right and I don't think there are we're
doing ourselves favors either and I
don't think there's any way of pulling
back from him mm-hmm
there's no like you could tell your kids
to pull back you can maybe get your
friends kids to pull back but culturally
no one's pulling back from this stuff
it's they're getting more and more
immersed in their phones more and more
immersed in apps and Internet and in
this big is the big thing is apps to me
they all get on these little social
media apps like whether it stick
or whatever it is yeah and they're all
direct messaging and looking at each of
this stuff and it becomes a giant part
of your life you know these kids like
you look at therefore like my daughter
has friends that don't have any
restrictions on their phones my daughter
is like a time limit on our phones yeah
one hour in the whole day right other
than that you know you have to do yeah
you have to do that but she's got a
little friend that doesn't have any time
and this little friend like you would
think this girl like her fucking skin is
growing on to this phone she never goes
anywhere without this phone in her hand
and she's always looking at it like she
can't talk to anybody for five seconds
without looking at her phone checking
tick-tock checking that but that's what
she getting that from her parents and
people see I mean I mean how many times
have you sat in a restaurant and
everybody the table stared at there from
yeah right or you get into I got on the
car rental bus today and I dropped my
bag on the thing and I stood there and I
looked down that bus and everybody was
there at the phone yeah right I mean at
least that's dead time right you just
sitting on a bus waiting to get to those
let's check my email real quick that
makes sense that's not a bad time to use
your phone
in the old days you'd start up a
conversation with the guy next year so
you're from Omaha huh and now you
wouldn't know where I was going with
that you could you see anything
suspicious yeah this fucking guy talked
to me on the bus yeah I know what that's
all about he wanted something he
referred to as a conversation that's my
favorite if you see anything suspicious
call this number
everything suspicious yeah see something
say something yeah what do you think
about this have you seen this latest
dispute between Apple and the government
what's the latest well you know we had
the shooting down at Pensacola and so it
was a Saudi soldier who was down there
for flight instruction and and killed
three people in the classroom they're
finally taken out by deputies because we
don't allow our soldiers to carry
weapons on on a base and anyway point
being is that when this happened he had
two phones Apple I think one was a five
one was a seven and so the FBI got the
phones they went to Apple but
asked for assistance with the first one
hi on which way much fun they were
asking for and Apple claims that yeah
yeah we provided assistance we gave him
access to iCloud data backup and and
some transactional records and you know
what they were asking for and then they
went to Apple I think just a week ago or
so with requests for assistance with a
second one they subpoenaed Apple a
couple days later said you know we need
assistance getting into these phones I'm
still the same problem that they had you
know three or four years ago but the San
Bernardino yes
and so we had that big you know
kerfuffle where they were you know
saying like apples not assisting they're
not helping us get into this government
had to go to as it turns out to an
Israeli forensics group spent a lot of
money to get cracked into these phones
anyway so bill Barr the Attorney General
came out just you know yesterday past
couple of days and he's been lambasted
apples saying you know you're you're
hampering this investigation you're not
helping us in terms of dealing with this
terrorist incident and Apple saying you
know what the fuck we are providing some
assistance so it's it we're back in that
same thing that we were in four years
ago where you got this battle over
access and and you know pushing an
investigation forward and the concern
over privacy what did they want that
Apple's not willing to provide well they
want access to the phones
you know the idea was initially they
were trying to get backup
sorry a a backdoor in that could be used
by law enforcement to get into the the
iPhone so see in here Trump wants Apple
to unlock the Pensacola shooters iPhones
here's why it won't what is that well
first of all this is CNN which is
strychnos it's all phone it says we have
always maintained there's no such thing
as a backdoor just for the good guys
backdoors can be exploited by those who
threaten our national security and the
data security of our customers Apple
added today law enforcement has access
to more data than ever before in history
so Americans do not have to choose
between weakening encryption and solving
investigations we feel strongly
encryption is vital to protecting our
country and our users data yeah but I
don't understand like what are they
looking for that they won't let these
guys find it's one thing that like
backdoors but I'm not talking about a
backdoor I'm talking about like there
should be a way that they can get into
the
phone right there should be a way that
you can not just the iCloud backup but
you could open up the phone and do it
with like the Apple should have like
some some skeleton key or something like
that well that's and that's what the
that's what they're saying they're not
gonna provide they're not gonna provide
its software solution to allow them
access to get into these phones but what
else could he have on his phone if it's
iCloud backed up like an iCloud backup
is essentially your phone but it's in
the cloud right but you can also turn
that off
so if just but have they turned it off
has he turned it off yeah I don't know
the details of that but I would have
suspect so but there's other data that
you can access from that phone that
would be relevant to this now that you
know I tend to in this situation I tend
to side with with Apple I understand the
Attorney General you know his
responsibility is whatever protecting
American citizens so that okay that's
he's gonna have this position but you
know apples basically saying look we're
not going to we're not gonna break the
terms of our contract with all the
people that have iPhones we're we're you
know providing them with privacy and
they're also I think saying to some
degree look yeah we understand that you
know criminals can use encryption right
I mean they do right they take advantage
of the encryption that's available in
the lack of access but so to millions of
citizens right who use the iPhones just
to keep their bank records or whatever
they have on there right and and and so
it the encryption benefits everybody in
a sense obviously of benefits the
criminals now you know I think I also
kind of side with Apple at this point
because frankly I think technology has
kind of made some of these arguments
mood meaning that you know there's there
are ways to get into these phones now so
the bureau or the government doesn't
have to just go to Apple and say please
let us in there was boxes that the
police were buying that would allow you
to hack in the phones yeah there's
several companies that the companies
that are allowing or the developing
access or ability to access these phones
the competition's been increasing and
what happens you know people get better
at it and so they developed new
techniques and the thing the problem is
like bad guys can buy them so they can
get a hold of your phone steal your
phone from you and then I open it up and
then use your phone text people or get
weird yeah and so then what are you
saying we're saying okay well the
company that's got that access point
like like the Israeli company or some
others some several others out there
a gray shift and a few others said that
provide this so then you're relying on
them to control who they're selling to
and some of these companies sell only to
the government and to you know whoever
is DEA or you know and so I guess the
point being is it I don't think the old
arguments of even a few years ago that
says we can't get in so we need apples
assistance I think that's kind of going
by the wayside and you know the
government does have the ability to get
in there at this point so I'm not quite
sure why they've they're picking a fight
again I don't know all the details that
you know but I don't know what possibly
they can't get in the phone is that
possible cuz they're saying backdoors
can be exploited well okay but if you
give Apple a phone and say hang on the
password of this can you get in there
yeah you can get in the Apple can they
don't want to hand over that that
ability of that software because again
it's a it's a commercial issue right for
them
right but shouldn't it be possible if
they don't want to handle a a hand over
that software that they could just open
it for the government the government
doesn't have to get the software yeah
the government's made that argument to
them before doesn't for whatever reason
because I think it part is the optic
that says okay well apparently Apple's
willing to do this I think they just
want to hold the line and say absolutely
not because I think they're you know
they're looking at this from again from
almost a pure commercial perspective I
kind of understand that but then I kind
of say Bill this guy's a fucking
terrorist
shooter yeah okay I mean I yeah you've
you've you've got a contract with all
these people that says okay I'll protect
your privacy but you think that would be
you know your abdicating your ability to
hold them to that contract if you go out
and shoot a few people as the guys still
alive the shooter no okay so what's the
fucking problem he doesn't have any
privacy today yeah it's just I just find
it interesting we're back having that
same organ that we had a few years ago
right and we haven't and I think like I
said I'm not sure why Barr is pushing
this argument necessarily the way he is
I mean I get I get what his position has
to be given his job as Attorney General
but I think we're past that point I
think there's there's there's hacking
solutions that are legitimately
available through forensics groups that
have been developing these things they
can assist the government to do this so
it I just found it I found it
interesting it is interesting because
it's
like I gotta understand that Apple does
not want to open up too much to the
government's demands and if they do look
we don't have a tyrannical government
but what if we did I mean like what
what's going on with China and Huawei
it's like very similar if Apple sort of
opens up the door the government and
they slide right in and start really
using Apple's software to in their
phones to manipulate people and access
data that they really shouldn't have
access to people that aren't under
investigation and just like it opens up
the door to all sorts of other weird
possibilities yeah yeah well it's yeah
and it's it's it goes back and starts to
feed that belief that you know the
government's spying on everybody you
know the reality is they didn't either
have the resources or the interest
frankly or the ability to spy on
everybody well this is what I would say
to people like who's spying on you
there's another person so there's one
person that just buys on you all day so
a magic aside one person 300 million
people in this country there's 300
million spy spy you got one one target
that's all you do all day long is watch
one person one is the thing about them
collecting data like the NSA collecting
data and and collecting all your phone
calls collecting all your text messages
what's the big units bigger threat is
Amazon or Google or say oh you know what
you turn on your Samsung TV you know
what it's doing it's watching you don't
watch me your TV's got the ability to
watch it it's called up smart smart
interactivity yeah so it's got a camera
and the whole idea was well I will do
this so that we can figure out where
you're you know what you're watching and
what you think of it so now as you're
watching but it could listen yeah so you
know it's it's it's the commercial site
that's collecting information you know
not necessary for nefarious purposes
they're collecting it for marketing
purposes to make more money which is
what they're in business to do but
they're that they're the ones that are
hoovering up data right that that then
leaks out because somebody hacks grabs
all that information and then they use
it for something nefarious well I get
nervous when I hear about companies like
Facebook they're thinking about starting
their own cryptocurrency
mm-hmm and I'm like whoa whoa whoa whoa
you know I'm not a not believer but I
don't I'm not like invested in it
like something I'm but I had a guy on
several times Andreas Antonopoulos who's
a big Bitcoin expert is very very bright
an interesting guy and I really enjoyed
talking to him about it but he's all in
like he does all his banking with
bitcoins pays his rent with Bitcoin gets
paid with Bitcoin everything is Bitcoin
with him and you know he's loved by the
Bitcoin community and all this different
stuff but at the end of the day I just
don't totally understand how you can
have so many of them like how many
crypto currencies are there and then if
you don't have so many of them well
who's to say when you could stop making
them like right right who said I mean
who's the arbiter to say no that's
legitimate or that is not I don't know
I'm not I don't know I I'm I fall in the
category of I don't understand at heaven
I do be fair I've been taking the time
to understand it yeah and think about
everything this is my my take on it you
can't you don't have enough time to
think about everything so I'm letting
that one play out all right so I'm gonna
just sit back and when it's a hundred
percent when it's a hundred percent all
and when everybody's like look bitcoin
is it's just like money yeah okay
but until then and they kind of
predicted it was gonna be just like
money quite a few years ago and it never
really did hit that but you can buy some
things a Bitcoin there's some companies
that let you buy computers a Bitcoin
sure there's a fair amount of
transaction that goes on from what I
understand but again I don't I don't I
don't understand I don't see how it's
backed necessarily you know I'm sure
I'll probably get all sorts of comments
now like you know you're a fucking idiot
being heavily involved in Bitcoin but i
buy i buy gold bars and golds real
playing them out in the back i've been
telling people for gold forever exact
legit shit yeah yeah that's the way I
feel about it
gold and catheters I'm stocking up on
both those are gonna be really important
in the future but gold is a weird one
right it's cuz like why are we still so
invested in this soft shiny metal like
you know and all the shit that people
need why gold I don't like it as jewelry
I think it's kind of tacky yeah yeah
when I met my my wife I was still
wearing a gold chain
Miami Vice days yes she still doesn't
let me forget that yeah it was it was
pretty sweet it wasn't like flavor favor
anything it wasn't big and chunky but it
was it was I thought was understated it
was like a herringbone sort of it was
like a Greek Keith
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I lived out in
that part of the world for a while and
you know yeah so anyway as I was
explained to me that it wasn't as happy
as I thought it was at the time and so I
damned I put it away
with all my other gold jewelry and my
boys will fight over for it when I'm
dead
yeah we're gonna let you know they're
clean yeah hey hey hey you guys stop
with that stupid shit I thought that was
a I thought I'm lookin fly yeah oh my
god yeah I walked out the other day we
were getting ready to go to some
function and I come walking out steps it
was a casual thing right and I thought
okay so and I'm not a really I'm not I'm
not a naturally social person in the
sense that I don't like to go to big
gatherings of people I mean I like going
out with to a dinner or just to hang out
for drinks with you know like small 6/8
people that I know right and I know I'm
gonna get this is where we're going I
don't walk into a crowd and go from
little group to little group having you
know some small conversation I'd not
good at it so but we're going with it
one of these things so I think in my
mind I that I just have so hey I come
walking down the steps I'm wearing a
cardigan you know and my wife is walking
up the steps to get something to shoot
we got upstairs and she stops in the
stairs and she looks and so as I'm
coming I see her stop down there and
she's staring at me thinking what and
now I thought I liked this cardigan I
wanted to shop good yeah I thought it
had like a Matthew McConaughey vibe to
it and and she's staring at me like what
the fuck he said what color is all right
pull up a picture of a great cardigan
please I want to get an image in my mind
yeah oh you look like a picture of
Matthew McConaughey in a cardigan must
have googled that no I think cardigan
where's your big cardigan where I did
that was of worry because I thought okay
I'm being pretty chill here that was my
another word I got from my kids and I
just thought that it was it was it was
presenting the right vibe I'm going to a
party I'm casual and relaxed I'm gonna
be I don't know what I was thinking
anyways she made me go upstairs and
change it yeah well yeah I mean I you
know I'm this is my second go-around and
I've learned yeah that smartest I used
to be okay look see that's buyers club
anyway you wanted a cardigan I yeah
that's what I'm talking about Jesus
Christ look at that he's that was when
he was like really silly that fucking
guy Wow has never looked the same again
since he lost all that weight for that
movie yeah he looks he's been drawn out
since then that was that's got to be so
devastating for your system to put
yourself through that kind of shit I
think it must be worse than gaining
weight like oh yeah look at his face man
I mean it looks like a dead man god damn
me knocked out of the park in that movie
that he did it was a great movie I hope
we got paid well enough for it do you
can't there's not enough money in the
world to make you lose that much weight
yeah you know the worst one though was
the mechanic not the mechanic the
machinist yeah with uh with the fuck
Christian Bale
yeah Christian Bale did he did the most
horrific way cut I've never I've never
seen anybody that skinny in a movie I
mean he was like legitimately days
before death oh good yeah look at that
look at what he looked that way how's it
that's a computer rendering yeah and
then he was Batman like six months later
and he goes crazy got on the fucking
Mexican supplements it's a back and
forth is that back and forth it'll do
your body and terrible terrible for you
if you can maintain a kind of a
consistent weight look at that though
Jesus Christ that's got to be it's got
to be some shopping in that
photoshopping hein no no no if you if
you see the movie man he was eating an
apple and a can of tuna a day that's it
that was all he was eating and he what
happens then is your body starts eating
itself and so look how you looked and
Dick Cheney yeah yeah real fat to play
Dick Cheney damn that's like Bert
Kreischer fat that's that's a lot of fat
right there yeah damn well yeah he's
dedicated to his craft but here's the
thing the movie sucked so it's like you
you almost killed yourself for a movie
that sucked
did you see the Joker yes what you think
fantastic yeah yeah yes it's weird it's
really drawing out both sides nobody's
sort of like agnostic about it yeah that
sucks or it's great right that's what I
keep getting those same responses it's a
great movie but it's disturbing as shit
but it's if there's a lot of weird stuff
to it right it's like it's almost
celebrating the idea that
the system is broke we're just gonna
fucking shoot everybody who's rich and
light everything on fire and these let
these fucking mentally ill people not
take their medication and just run
things and he was a Joaquin Phoenix
first of all he's on another level like
his his betray he's always been an
amazing actor but that movie boy he they
created a work of art with that
character yeah yeah I mean it's just you
bought into it hook line and sinker that
he was as crazy fuck and when spoiler
alert when when he shoots Robert De Niro
like there's their scenes in that movie
that make you just go wow I will say
this though my favorite Joker has always
been Cesar Romero right there yeah the
TV show oh yeah
hands down oh well yeah I mean I'm
fairly old that's terrible you goddamn
crazy day anyway you know he pretty good
I'm taking it back yeah yeah not bad
I eat kind of you know he's sort of that
was it you know yeah yeah yeah Heath
Ledger was good he was great too Jared
Leto can man yeah you can go pound sand
but the Joker's got great Oscar
nominations right Suicide Squad is Jared
Leto one who's like it's just a little
too Steven knew when he's in he's mind
Morbius is a vampire and Marv ease into
Marvel no no give me a picture good
every movies a Marvel or DC Comics yeah
I wish had a piece of the action but I
remember Morbius oh this is Jared Leto
playing Morbius Wow it's super powers
and so he becomes a vampire yeah yeah
he's like a guy who was dying had a
blood disease and he goes like one last
thing to figure it out and I guess the
vampire bats helped him wow this is
crazy and comes back jacked
yeah and they start to fucking people up
woo when does this come out
I think this kinda just put the trailer
out the other day so I don't remember
the exact well no idea the bats had that
ability but okay yes
you know it's um oh it's a movie oh I
can yeah here's this song or Fline I'm
in yeah I'm all in Jared I take it back
we had bats in our attic believe it or
not we had bats in our attic in Idaho
really well I'm sitting outside on the
porch one day I know again I'm sorry
about this but I'm sitting out on the
porch I look up and it's it's the Sun
setting and the stink flies out from the
top of that the real forgetting is for
story brick place and and out comes this
thing and then another one then another
one we had bats flying out because it's
getting dark and they're coming out of
our attic so I think you got to be
kidding me
so we went to a a wildlife specialist
who came over and he kind of staked out
the place a couple of nights figured out
what this story was with him and we got
eventually got rid of the bats but yeah
yeah just get a tennis racquet no no
well it's you know it's there's a baby
bats you know and the kids the kids
didn't want to hurt the baby bats and so
we had to wait for the baby bats to grow
a little bit and then welcome yeah no
that would have been wacom then you
shoot him with your airsoft airsoft
pistol but the interesting thing about
bats they could they fly out they drop
down and fly out but if you stop their
ability right to go straight back into
the the hole they can't get back home so
you create a situation because they
can't dip down then fly up and then go
in they have to come straight in
straight at that well this is
fascinating bad stuff but if I had known
that they could create that sort of
superpower ability I would have I would
have kept a common ground yeah then you
stay alive forever you don't want that
huh no no there's a crazy story about a
guy who was I don't remember where he
was but a bat flew by and hit his hand
just hit his hand and apparently the bat
had rabies and he died of rabies like
two weeks later seriously yeah
apparently rabies is one of those things
where if you get bit by something that
has rabies they got to get you in right
away and they've got to get you in right
away and it's once it takes hold you're
fucking dead it's a 100% lethal but they
can get you if you get in right away but
he didn't even know anything was wrong I
didn't have a visible sign on his hand
bat flew into the hand
British Columbia man who died of rabies
infection uh yeah so this thing it just
flew into his hand and left a small cut
he was a 21 year old kid on Vancouver
Island and good health authorities
confirmed that the patient was outdoors
in broad daylight when the nocturnal
creature struck his hand and flew away
he wasn't doing anything risky that
would put him in a position that would
you encounter bats dr. Boone Bonney
Henry of BC's chief provincial health
providers incredibly unfortunate strange
circumstance for this young man and his
family okay so no visible puncture yeah
or scratch marks because a family they
can be microscopic yeah the cuts so he
developed the symptoms of rabies six
weeks after the exposure so it's just as
well I didn't send the kids up to take
care of the bats riving he pulled over
the side of the road when a bat flew in
him what that's like a horror movie yeah
you know really is not a final
destination like you got missed right
very interesting horror movie but it's
it's it's the idea behind it right yeah
it would only be interesting if it was
like like World War Z type shit yeah
just started but that's kind of a great
what rabies is to animals
rabies turns animals into these sick
really aggressive creatures that want to
infect you with whatever they're
infected what they want to bite you yeah
raccoons Yeah right remember as a kid
though it was always the rabies thing
was always you don't wanna get rabies
cuz he got to go in for these series of
shots and your stomach always remember
that that was always the story you know
you're gonna get why the stomach yeah I
don't know that was it was like you know
don't don't accept apples on Halloween
because I'll be a razor blade it was
just sort of like this thing that you
always heard as a kid you're gonna get
these shots in your stomach so stay away
from raccoons yeah whatever
worldwide only five or six people who
survived or rabies infection holy shit
those are the people you got to go to
when the zombies come right you gotta
you gotta find those people and harness
their blood BC is home to 17 species of
bats but ten species found in Metro
Vancouver Wow
risk from rabies and bats is everywhere
in BC Jesus Christ 13% of bastok tested
positive for rabies thirteen percent I
was sort of British Columbia is a really
nice place to be but that's in the
province
amongst bats in the wild the rate is
about one percent well you got a fucking
horrible infestation up there BC get
your shit together what are they doing
I'm coming up at forty twenty isn't
Prince Harry Jamaican aren't they going
to Vancouver we should tell them about
the bad thing we should it was not going
I forgot to post my shows are for sale
thank you I did but not today they're
for sale right now I'm doing Vancouver
on 4/20 I hope I don't get rabies nice
you know what you two bring you know
your past loves to get to Vancouver you
kind of pass through do you well not
really not from here now you don't I'm
flying I travel in an RV yes which
fucking Chevy Chase family vacation at
truckster family truckster Burt takes a
goddamn tour bus everywhere Berta's a
tour bus with his face all over it crazy
asshole have you ever driven across the
country you know yes when I was a little
kid long long long time ago
I don't enjoy that kind of waste of time
yeah yeah not even with the kids getting
an RV and trial they would go crazy my
kids beat me to death I I think it would
be interesting if you had like an agenda
like if you're gonna go to you know
Grand Canyon and then you were gonna go
to Zion National Park you get a bunch of
different things to do night you had
months of time and you can make your way
across the country but just the drive
for fucking five days straight across
the country that that can eat a bag of
dicks
yeah that's boring I think you're right
going to a national parks you know and
in Yellowstone for example anybody
hasn't been the yells don't go to
Yellowstone it's credible
so don't go into summertime but input go
but I've always I've tried to convince
my wife that it's a good idea to get an
RV Drive you know and spend a couple of
weeks with the kids and and she looked
at me like a moron cardigan
it's that same look I get so well it
seems like a good idea but if it was a
really good idea I think more people
would be doing it I think once you
actually start doing it you're like what
am I doing here
down all day right my back's killing me
the kids are on screen when are we gonna
be there what are we gonna be there yeah
are we there yeah yeah stop touching me
stop hitting me yeah dad yeah well if
you're watching screens too like that's
not good for a kid to be watching
screens eight hours a day all day let's
just driving across the country where
they're playing with their iPads yeah
well you got to take that away from
going back to that other staring out the
window then they want to talk to you
yeah I know
tik-tok dances you know your head in
that direction I know a couple weeks
from now I'm gonna I'm gonna
somebody's gonna send me a ticket I'll
go to you dancing yeah trust trust me
okay I don't there's a lot of guys who
swear by that tour bus life though they
like it like my friend Sturgill Sturgill
Simpson he travels with a tour bus he
said he would rather spend the whole day
in a tour bus than an hour on a plane
like if he's gonna go from one place the
other he goes it's like a living room
like you just sit down and relax and so
him and his band they just chilled they
just hang out in this tour bus and smoke
a little devil's cabbage and sure yeah
I'm eating back and relax and it's yeah
I can see that I haven't spent most of
my life in airports I get I get I get
the idea behind it you're right it is a
time suck you know getting from point A
to point B but this country is pretty
amazing and it is there's a lot to see
yeah there's so much to see and we tend
to overlook that fact and you know the
Europeans always want to make fun of us
because you know what 90% of America
still not passports then I'd you know
you point out well have you have you
driven across Texas you know have you
been out west have you done these things
if it said that many don't have
passports I think it's it's a high
number yes really the percentage of US
citizens that do not own a pass or do
not have a passport I have a feeling
it's coming up soon what's interesting
you didn't even use to need one to get
to Canada or Mexico you used to be able
to just have a driver's license get
right across we had a nice friendly
agreement with everybody yeah you just
jump across the river no
my uncle now what is that whole wall
thing going up apparently not
I don't know where the wall stands well
I but the wall is is it's a great little
parkour set up for these Mexican dudes
who know how to climb them
percentage of the Americans with
passports oh it's rising okay all right
I take it back then I well it's more
than 40% hmm Wow okay that's interesting
I mean you stand true yeah look at the
1989 it was fucking nobody look in 1989
it's like literally less than 5% maybe
that's what I was thinking maybe I'm
stuck in 89 yeah that's yeah that's
because the music was great back then so
maybe that's why I'm reliving my 80s is
that the Reagan days 89
I think that's Reagan wasn't Reagan
president back then
right maybe no one wanted to travel cuz
they were worried about the Russians 88
deal was when I was I was 20 so I was 22
was a 76 percent of people in England
and Wales have a UK passport okay I've
got a UK passport do you yeah citizen so
look at you know work well I'm a little
upset with Prince Harry and but other
than that it really well
humanity he left the throne or whatever
the fuck he did now I mean you know it
doesn't it make sense kind of well it
probably makes sense because you know I
don't know that he's the sharpest tool
in the box and he's probably thinking I
can we can make a lot more money if but
they're not supposed to make any money
off of being a member of the royal
family and yet they've trademarked
apparently sort of their their brand
Duke and Duchess of Sussex and they're
not allowed to make any money off of the
royal family so they were they're given
allotment allowances you know living
expenses much it's a significant amount
look they've got a house on the grounds
of Windsor Castle they're gonna continue
to live in so I guess here's my point
they can do whatever the fuck they want
but it would have been nice if they told
their grandmother
so that she didn't find out about it on
the news I thought that was kind of it
the Queen
spotted dick move but yeah that is a
remarkably accurate
she's so she found out on TV but you
know they want to be financially
independent
you know they trademark to Duke and
Duchess of Sussex in a variety different
ways apparently and and she's gonna go
back to doing whatever she did American
hostage into a Kardashian that's exactly
what's gonna happen
yeah well listen there are in so popular
all they need to do is start an
endorsing fucking makeup lines and
sneakers and watches and shit next thing
you know Jed's a millionaire yeah well
she's got a massive following on
Instagram which I suspect she wants to
know well how much do you think they
make find out how much they make how
much they make from the royal family my
pop not public I think they're high
vision well he got no bare them yes know
that I don't think they're hiding it but
I think they make a million a year yeah
oh yeah more than that I mean if you got
I think from from his mother from I
think as an inheritance he get some nine
million dollars area then she's probably
worth about six million on a row for
acting career hadn't know what she was
acting in but he's off to Vancouver and
the guy doesn't even know there's a
rabies issue there there's a fuckin 13%
bat rabies problem there buddy
right right he's gonna go he's gonna go
to Vancouver looking to move part-time
to Canada they're gonna start a reality
show I guarantee you some creepy
producer got ahold of them and go guys
listen you're wasting your time over
here in England it rains too much yeah
no look she's you're pissing away the
money she's worth yeah he's probably
thinking yeah I'm gonna get us and but
then he came out and said well we're not
gonna move to the States supposedly he
came out and said this is also I can't
believe we sound like page six or
something but he came out and said you
know when I'm moving to the States until
office thank you for that the Queen gets
but if they're her grandchildren's money
isn't oh my god she wrote the Queen
received fifty eight million dollars
free of tax from the sovereign grant in
the 2016-2017 fiscal year and what kind
of goofy shit is that
why give them more the next year 58
million dollar a million dollars 103
million dollars in the next year it's
good to be queen to help finance the
extensive renovations of Buckingham
Palace
we need more analysis pretty impressive
but imagine being a poor person and you
find out that the queen who literally
does nothing is making a hundred million
dollars in the year yeah I see this is
why I I don't think I could ever say
anything negative about the Queen I've
it's I think I got a tremendous amount I
feel like her like she's you know grand
lover but I - I've got because you have
a dual citizens yeah I'm yeah
everybody's like brainwashed over there
yeah but she's I mean but she has been a
remarkably consistent but she's got a
shitshow of a family think about all the
public service she does
oh god it's incredible this just this
alone a lot of money well think about
each wave is now apparently a 103
million dollars that's that's a
significant amount no I anyway I don't
know how we got down this one but Prince
Harry they left
yeah oh that's right they left to go to
thinking rabies town so she is making a
hundred million dollars a year he's
probably making ten all right it's a
significant amount so I it's you know I
get it okay they want to go again who
cares but making the money off the royal
family and I can't make money off the
royal family if the royal brand so it's
like you know the idea is you're getting
paid enough yes what a witty system they
just give them money for free yeah to be
a row in the British taxpayers are
saying like what the fuck we're gonna
keep subsidizing them and you're gonna
go to Canada and we're gonna keep paying
them and they're gonna live part time
here they're not gonna do that any any
of the representative representational
work or whatever it's real I don't know
you got to show up at events well how
about the other so you gotta go - okay
how about the other prints the one
that's Epstein's friend Oh Andrew yeah
yeah that was that was what first of all
how odd is that guy when they're
interviewing him and talking to him
it's like what the Queen kicked him to
the curb
very quick
yeah well that's very strange yeah dad
what is your take on this whole epstein
thing first of all can we just agree
that so yeah you sure she's 18 you're
telling me that yeah sure does not look
18 she looks 16 no you're sure you sure
what up what up shit show that it yeah
what a shit show so let me let me ask
you this right off the bat er well I
don't know ask you he didn't kill
himself right I don't believe so
thank you no no then you owe me I'm not
I'm not conspiracy guy right I mean I
don't disappear down the rabbit holes
very often but no I don't think there's
any way in hell he killed himself
Michael Shermer who's the the head of
skeptics magazine who doesn't believe
anything found out that the tapes were
missing and then the fucking the cameras
didn't work and then the tapes were
deleted from the first accidentally
deleted from the first time you
attempted suicide and schirmer's like oh
is it conspiracy like it was enough
evidence that were the biggest get a
professional skeptic professionals he
doesn't believe anything there's no
there's no there's just no I did no way
I could be convinced that he offed
himself no words ow he knew too much and
you know it's it's it's astounding put
but yeah what uh what uh what is shit
show but hey you know nobody's gonna get
to the bottom of anything but that's a
crazy one like they got him in the jail
the guards are somehow or another
getting in trouble so who knows what the
guards are gonna say they might get
suicided my favorite part was the guy
they chose for his cellmate do you see
the fucking gorilla they chose for sale
man yeah reminded me of that Richard
Pryor that'll Richard Pryor movie this
fucking guy yeah this giant Goomba this
huge Italian ex-cop who is a murderer
and a drug runner
I mean this guy is built like a brick
shithouse and this is epstein cellmate
that's like what like you can't even
make this stuff up cause he never
touched him the of course why would I
touch him Nicholas started Leone yeah
what is he what it's a timeline of
events and quadruple homicides I what it
says yeah so this fucking guy
this giant likes dogs oh yeah he loves
dogs they keep him from all the people
that he killed they barked when they're
coming around you can grab your gun it's
a good move it's it's just crazy there's
so many pieces to the puzzle that are so
ridiculously obvious and then when you
find out that Clinton flew with them at
least 26 times yeah
26 times yeah I had no idea no I it's
it's it's just one of those things and
again I don't I'm not a buyer on these
sort of things but you look at it you
look at the facts around and you think
they just know there's no way in hell
yeah
what a guy must know you what do you
would thought that Epstein would have
said to myself I said to himself I'm
gonna get killed here if I'm not careful
well he probably didn't think it was
everything to get to the point where
they were actually jailing them you know
when they asked God because remember you
had that deal where he was on work
release so he could just do whatever you
want fuck off for 16 hours a day then he
had a check into the jail at night yeah
and who even knows what that means he
might have checked in and just went home
again it seems like they they had set
something up for him to make it very
easy for him to be incarcerated for what
should be a pretty heinous crime I mean
he would think sex with underage girls
and and sex trafficking yeah not just
him doing yeah the extent to which and
so yeah but then you could look at I
forget what her name is they sort of the
assistant Giselle yes name because just
Lane it's as an estimate but I've heard
it pronounced with the S or without so
ghilane or just lame okay G rocker yeah
so G rockers out there hidin in the
bushes in Columbia or something right
where is she yeah that's what I was
gonna say I mean she must be a yeah you
would assume they've to post her at this
point or she must have something she
must have some fucking kill switch where
if the shit goes down all the Clinton
tapes come piling out onto the fucking
floor of somebody must've brought it
around to Glenn Greenwald
yeah maybe yeah you know what maybe I
should convince oh there she is that's
when she was in and out reading a book
on ex-cia agents who have been murdered
that's literally what she was right
reading a book on right wasn't it yeah
it was about CIA operatives and the
murder so the idea was that what they
said what people believe in there's many
different versions of what people
believe but look how many pictures she
posed for us so strange but when many
people believed was that what he was
doing was compromising a lot of these
wealthy powerful people by getting
videotapes of them hooking up with young
girls including Prince Andrew oh yeah
yeah yeah and for whatever reason you
know have you heard of anything like
this before
is this something that's been done in
the past not that I've heard of I mean I
mean I'm sure it's big you know anytime
you see some freak show it's never the
first time it's happened right so you
have to assume it's happened but to the
degree that it's got this level of
celebrities and big-time names I mean it
works so well and I'm gonna tell you
something after the show's over time
after shows him but just tell me it's
just you want me talking if you whisper
in my ears in North Koreans really do
that sorry but the North Koreans used to
that was there that was there phone
security is they would get on the phone
and they when they had something really
classified to talk about they would
whisper hilarity you'll never figure
that out that's funny yeah that's how
they did it yeah yeah well part of it
was years ago I I think they just never
believed any any Westerner could
understand Korean and I think that was
kind of part of it was that they we were
all too stupid or we were just so
complicated that they we'd never be able
to figure out what they were saying in
their own language it's the price you
pay for being so insulated yeah you
never you don't really understand what
the what's really going on in the
outside world because they don't really
have the Internet when was the last time
we talked about North Korea Wow just
push that right front port but but to
gets to get back what can you talk about
North Korea but to get back to this
epstein thing is that a common strategy
that intelligence agencies would use
where they would try to compromise
people in order to get like what would
be the
if you had like if the Mossad was doing
that and they were doing that and using
it does that's the the theory right
right yeah it's good it's a good point
I'd say from an Intel services
perspective I mean one thing I will say
it's the US and people's men gotta
believe this because I'm saying and
they'll say all right it's bullshit he
just deal but the US the agency doesn't
do that we don't use honey traps we
don't do that sort of thing because
that's sort of leverage always it's
always gonna head south on you and so we
don't you know try to coerce somebody in
that sort of a relationship and then we
can take advantage of and yet other
services do the Russians being one of
them they do that all the time
Israelis yeah they've had some very
successful efforts to do that and and if
you can if you get somebody in that
position well it doesn't matter how
they're compromising themselves whether
you're putting themselves in with like
an Epstein situation where suddenly
you've got them you know got video of
them with a with an underaged person or
whether they've provided a document that
they shouldn't provide it's all that's
the concept is always the same right it
doesn't matter what that what that
action is you're you're getting them on
the hook or you're getting something
that's leverageable over them and if if
they don't just go forward immediately
say and turn around to their boss and
say I'm guilty did this sorry then
they're compromised and then you've got
them as an Intel service you've got them
you can start reeling the hook in
because now you know you've know that
not only did they do something to be
prodded you with a document even if it
was an unclassified site if I go to
somebody if I'm developing a
relationship with somebody some target
overseas or whatever you're not thinking
all right I'm trying now I'm exploring
this person's got access they're in an
interesting position interesting job and
they've got access to information that
we want to know that's priority target
and then I want to say okay now I want
to develop the relationship a little bit
maybe I bump into the person at a few
parties maybe we're in the same
parent-teacher organization whatever the
shit is right now kid play on the same
soccer team so then I go and I think
okay what do I want to do I want to test
the waters a little bit I'm
gonna say hey listen you know I
understand you worked at the foreign
ministry here and you know whatever
country you happen to be in how about
you give me some documents but instead
you know maybe it's something different
maybe they work the foreign ministry
maybe they work at a aerospace business
you know that's a target and you say but
you've developed a bit of a relationship
and then you say yeah my kids doing this
school project and you know it's all
about whatever hypersonic flight you
know and and you know you know that they
work at some you know aerospace company
and say you know do you have anything
just on hypersonics you know and and
you're not looking for anything
classified you're just looking for a
research paper or a study or something
you know and if they come back and say
yeah you know what here this isn't
interesting you know study you know and
they they now that act alone they're not
giving you something classified but that
act alone means something big right it
means there were tasks able in a sense
right they responded to your request for
information they're suckers not suckers
necessarily could be an enormous ly
smart person but you know and and smart
people get yeah they get you think it's
suckered into it I guess you could put
it that way but yeah it's so any but
then you you go from there then you've
ratcheted up slowly you know bit by bit
if you've got the timeframe to do it
maybe sometimes you know you've got a
shortened timeframe because there's a
requirement to get something and you got
to kind of accelerate the whole process
anyway so but I point being is it's tall
leverageable and Epstein was obviously
getting leverage on all these different
people for whatever his purpose was what
do you think that's what the question
was like what could he possibly a lot of
more scientists he went with a lot of
like celebrities there was a state well
he needed money right well what was I
mean maybe he maybe he just who knows
maybe he got off on sort of being the
the kingpin and this whole thing and and
I it's a good funded right so I mean
there had to be something valuable that
they were getting from it I'm guessing I
don't know yeah yeah like I've tried to
figure out the angle but I mean I get
the idea of you would have leverage over
these people
you haven't been compromising situations
and then they would do things for you
but what would they do for you yeah like
what yeah what is he getting bill cut
it's a good question and providing him
with access
maybe he liked being close to you know
the seat of power or maybe you know he
liked being close to what he thought was
like a royal family member you know
maybe who knows because he had Al's like
he had all the money he needed right so
maybe it was it was that sort of access
that that blue is skirt up I don't know
but it is yeah it is interesting but I
don't think I mean look it's just like
been kicked to the curb obviously
they're doing the trolley as to some of
the great I don't think I don't know
what where they say it's gonna happen
yeah nothing's gonna happen already
swept it under the rug and there's
already new stories out that got our
attention we forget about things so
quickly today the news cycle is so fast
when something happens even something as
ridiculous as the epstein case where
it's so obvious that he was murdered and
then Michael Baden goes on 60 minutes
and says this is consistent with someone
who is strangled I've never in all my
years of seeing people hang they've
never seen him with these kind of
fractures this is fractures are
indicative of strangulation and as one
serious-minded do to my god yeah
tremendous amount of experience and and
you know he doesn't he doesn't blow
smoke up anybody's ass right he's very
measured and and you know now obviously
he was there on behalf of Epstein's
brother yes but you know I yeah anyway
it's just it is it's one of those things
where you think maybe I'm gonna put that
down as something we should explore I
want to go visit that cop in jail see
what he's probably got a fur-lined cell
Tony yeah science 72 inch TV wire marks
at his hands I mean if you're gonna get
someone to strangle your cellmate that's
the guy to I mean he's fuckin do it in
three seconds he's so big yeah you don't
want somebody who's got to take their
time because Kevin Spacey dude strangler
can take forever hold still want some
big gorilla dude yeah yeah well I tell
you what if if this new series I'm doing
gets picked up for a second season well
I'm gonna recommend to the producers
they they put the Epstein case on there
no it's not quite in line with what we
do you sent me a
let me I'll forward it to James you get
it Jamie so let's look at the trailer
for this wouldn't it what is it called
its called black files Declassified and
what is it based on the Science Channel
Discovery Science Channel and it's
essentially it's it's a series looking
at there's something called the black
budget right let's play the let's go
talk about it let's go to the clip
ladies and gentlemen here black files
Declassified listen to that a top-secret
aviation program they will neither
confirm nor deny the existence of
records funded by a mysterious money
trail there was a lot of thought into
how we're going to hide the various pots
of money could revolutionize flight
do you think that you'll see man
hypersonic flight in your lifetime hello
yeah and unleash a new lethal technology
extremely high speeds Mach five six that
would make these cruise missiles almost
impossible to defend against every year
more than ninety billion dollars is
allocated to clandestine government
programs collectively called the black
budget each individual operation is a
black file I'm Mike Baker as a covert
CIA operations officer for over a decade
and a half I supervised two missions
around the globe
my security clearances gave me access to
many classified projects now I'm
following the money trail to the secrets
hidden inside the black files damn I'd
watch that over and over again well
that's that all that kind of shit's
fascinating to me that's got into a
sonic flight was that does that mean
like settles one of our first episodes
yeah when you make when you same and
hypersonic like they used to have the
Concorde that was hypersonic right no it
wasn't no no hypersonic is essentially
anything over Mach 5 is hypersonic so
what is and and so we don't have there's
nothing there's no manned hypersonic
flight yet so the Concorde was the speed
of sound yeah and this is it faster than
the speed of sound yeah five times
faster I mean you talk about a mile a
mile a second or so for a missile a
missile traveling so that's what Russia
just came out and and and announced the
deployment of a new hypersonic missile
or a weapon and that's where the the the
the war in space or the you know it's
going basically isn't a hypersonic
mostly unmanned there's some effort to
try to figure out can we create a a
manned vehicle it's really problematic
because you think about traveling that
fast you think about what that means for
punching through the air and the heat
and the in the the the materials that
are needed but as far as unmanned glide
vehicles or whatever I mean that's where
a tremendous amount of resources being
put right now by the Russians the
Chinese the US and it's it's it's pretty
frightening cuz we don't have any way to
defend against it like like the one
fellow I mentioned in that clip is that
if you think about a trip sort of a
ballistic missile it's got a trajectory
right it goes up and it comes down you
know just like the Cold War days we had
we had all the defense's set up you know
to intercept Russian missiles coming
towards us well we knew what the path
was going to be and so we were able to
deploy a defense system against this the
idea with hypersonic weapons is you have
no idea right you've got almost no
warning and you
you'd have no idea what that trajectory
is for those doing so it's going so fast
and it's in its adjustable right so it's
not just depending on you know a missile
ballistic missile goes up and it's going
to come down and you know exactly what
that path is going to so they can adjust
it like they can slow it down you can
slow it down you can change direction
yeah yeah so you think about this it's
it's a it's a big deal so one of our I
think it may be our first episode it's
gonna be focused on hypersonic sand and
it's it's but that's a variety of other
episodes in this thing but it's all
looking at this idea that the black
budget exists it does exist and there's
you know each project that whether it
was is a project to develop hypersonic
flight in which the US government had
that whether it's you know advanced
aviation threat identification program
whether it's the space Force which has
been actually around for a long time
there's budgets that account for these
programs and they have to be hidden
somewhere I mean the government's got to
spend the money right so the idea being
what started this thing off was the idea
that well what if you just literally
just did follow the money and try to
figure out from the money trails how
they were developing these projects and
could you identify the various projects
that these pots of money you know go to
and it's turned out to be really it's
very interesting
I'm subjective of course but it's it's
it's pretty good and it's we don't have
a specific air date yet you know they're
being very mom about it but it'll be on
Sunday nights coming to a science
channel near you soon
so with these hypersonic missiles they
can like you can't judge from the path
that it's gone so far where it's going
right because they can steer them in
real time yeah yeah the idea being is it
not it's not following a a known
trajectory it's not following a
ballistic trajectory um so it is it you
know and it's it is the the development
the effort to try to develop manned
hypersonic flight has got a really
fascinating history I mean and and
particularly here in the US but we're
not there we're not there yet that's you
know may not happen in our lifetimes
just because of the difficulty she
talked about I mean I interviewed some
terrific people during the course of
that which is the best part of this
serious being out from my perspective
you travel around you see all these
interesting things you talk to these
fantastic folks right I mean some
credible people a former pilot for the
they will Blackbird program right this
guy you know strapped into this thing
and get up to altitude you know on the
edge of the atmosphere doing these
overflights of Russia and you know
gathering it or wherever and gathering
intelligence and just the dangers
involved in these these aircraft these
experimental aircraft that we're being
designed and the whole goal being
eventually trying to work your way
towards its hypersonic man flying these
people are amazing and you start talking
to some of them and and you realize what
people are capable of if they can if
they can set aside their fear and they
you know they have that risk appetite
that's a funny way of putting that risk
appetite yeah well I mean they just
don't think I mean a test pilot doesn't
think the way that you are well you know
maybe thinks the way you don't want it
not the way I do I mean it's awesome
folks but yeah but anyway so yes that's
what person like the first person who
goes up in one of those things to forget
about all the testing and all those
structural rigidity documents and all
the data and they're everything that's
showing you this is absolutely safe like
it's not it's not no there's nothing
safe about it and and like that one
fellow that I there was a little bit in
the clip where I asked this this old guy
looks like somebody's granddad right you
know do you believe they'll be man
hypersonic flight in your lifetime he
says this guy's the story of this guy
testing experimental aircraft to try to
get to that point and some of the things
that he did and it it's astounding
you look at him you think you're not
you're not normal and I talked to his
wife and and she said yeah it's
interesting she's been married to him
forever but she says you know I want to
interesting things you learn about being
married to somebody like this a test
pilot or somebody else in a position
like that is you know they don't process
things the same way they don't
necessarily have a lot of empathy
because they're just they're just
focused on this thing right and they're
not necessarily thinking well I don't
wanna go up there and die because I'd be
leaving my family behind and all you
know yeah it's not in the thought
process anyway but so that's there you
have it ladies and gentlemen what do you
think about all
stuff about I mean the New York Times
had articles about it there's Air Force
test pilots have come out talking about
encountering flying saucers or
unidentified flying objects particularly
commander flavor who right had that
David for everything yeah yeah what do
you think about all that yeah we do you
know I'm a shameless marketer we do an
episode on on that on a tip on the
advanced aviation threat identification
program and look again I I always say
the same thing I'm not a conspiracy guy
I tend to I tend to be very cynical
about everything but after talking to
some of these folks including forever
and and a handful of others who were
both pilots and also were involved in
the a tip program for the US government
for the military there's there's things
out there that we haven't been able to
identify and I'm not jumping on on the
I'm not jumping on the alien train
necessary but what I'm saying is that
there are things that that extremely
experienced pilots military pilots with
significant amounts of experience
couldn't figure out couldn't identify
right and so I'm certainly not gonna be
smart enough to say okay this is what it
was was it a foreign governments
experimental aircraft was it something I
don't know but what I do know is that
the US government took it seriously
enough that they developed their own
internal program within the Pentagon to
try to sort out the wheat from the chaff
right and and say okay what do we
actually have to worry about in part
because it's a national security issue
right if there is a aircraft or if
there's something up there that it pilot
a military pilot sees for instance that
I can't identify alright we have an
obligation to figure out what that is
because if it's a hostile foreign
governments efforts in developing you
know craft that we don't know about how
to or propulsion systems we don't know
about then yes we should be working on
that issue the problem has always been
that once you talk about that then
people that me to go up aliens huh area
51 you know and it kind of gets
dismissed but there was a much more
serious effort than I I knew about
before I started working on this
and so I don't know I think you know
I've got an open mind about that you
know it's it's like that old you know
thing about how you know how can we
really be the only people out here and
or or
life-forms out here I don't know that
seems you know seems a little obscure
for me to believe it seems unrealistic
yeah yeah so but when I got like braver
yeah that's that's the thing when
someone who's that rock-solid rhymes out
and tells the story and he's not
deviating from his story he's not a guy
was trying to make money he's just he
doesn't have a history of telling
fantastic stories and he knew what it
meant when he country didn't come
forward and talk about this and you've
got the gun cameras and you've got the
radar operators who also saw the same
thing they saw it and they said it was
actively jamming their radar yeah
which they say what the fuck and then
that the way it moved from 60,000 feet
down to like 200 feet and like less than
a second and no signs of no there's no
signs of any propulsion system ya know
there was this there's several things
about that that ya leave you scratching
your head again I'm not I'm not making a
case one way or the other you know that
the point of this is to again is to kind
of use the money trail as a way to get
inside some of these programs and then
to the degree that you can without you
know to the degree that you can talk
about things that are Declassified you
know not necessarily try to make a case
we're not trying to say it is this or it
is that you know but I think we're
presenting a lot of interesting
information that you know again with
this situation with favor as an example
you know you come away from it you think
okay I'm not dismissing anything at this
point
mmm just it's you know it would be it
would be I think foolish to err or
anyway so interesting stuff but was that
ever anything that came up during your
career no no we now I was pretty much
straightforward you know pound the
ground through some counterinsurgency
operations counter-narcotics
counterterrorism operations we never did
any counter alien things right that must
have been it that was a different
operation that was a that was on a floor
we weren't allowed to go on to its
headquarters seems like if we had to
admit it was real if it was something
that was real and we were being
contacted on a regular basis or at least
semi regular basis that would change the
way everybody feel
about everything yes remember when
Reagan of that speech made me give it I
think was the United Nations you said to
imagine how easily we would come
together if we were faced with a threat
from an alien world right and
everybody's like oh my god he knows
something aliens
he's about to spill the beans yeah well
but think about it me think if you know
if that did come out which is what part
of the Alaura right is the idea that you
know the government's been keeping this
from us for all these years and and you
know you think about what that would
mean not just obviously boom oh my god
really there's something going on out
there but then sort of that breakdown in
trust not that it's not happening
already in terms of the government and
its ability to you know play square but
yeah I mean look area 51 area 51 was was
scouted out for use as an experimental
you know test site for aircraft and you
know made perfect sense well then you
get all these experimental aircraft
being developed out there and flown some
successfully some not and you know
locals you know see this jet you know
locals being a fairly good-sized region
because of the the the distance on these
and you know it's understandable how you
start getting some of these stories but
you know having having said that you
know I sat down with forever right and
we talked about this a lot for this one
episode and I talked to several others
and yeah again I come away and I'm not
sure what to think but again I'm not
closing the book on anything at this
point see the way I'd looked at it is if
these were unique expeditions from
another planet like or whatever it is
that comes here some alien spacecraft
all they'd have to do is come here once
or twice get fed up well not an ad but I
used to have a bit about how Earth is
the Tijuana of outer space they only
come down here when they're fucked up
and they want to see a show they don't
stay they just come down there what they
find it like no one's doing a science
expeditions to Tijuana I'm not going
back there no way not unless I'm drunk
again yeah I was just thinking that if
they were gonna come down here and
examine us I mean they could
just do it a couple of times and people
of these stories and everybody else
dismisses it like where are they worthy
I don't see any aliens yeah because you
really wouldn't and you probably do if
they're capable of moving at the speed
that flavor described where it was just
impossible to track with the human eye
like they're not gonna view us as a
threat No yeah they're not gonna think
we're just I don't know then I can look
at us and say we want to steal their
technology it's the most fascinating
thing to me at all the weird what-ifs
and who could do this and how could that
be true the alien one is the most
fascinating because if that was real and
if we somehow or another one day gets
some undeniable proof like the favor
filmed the film footage to gunner
footage the the the radar footage that's
pretty goddamn compelling but man if
there was something like it off the
charts well and that's right that's the
problem always is and people will point
to that and say you know even the gun
camera footage is you look at this it's
not right a little bit it's not clear
necessarily what it is I'm looking at
and but it's it's it is more compelling
than than a lot of the other you know
craft has been out there so I think you
know it was it was surprising but yeah
the hypersonics is is the of all the
episodes we did I think the hypersonics
is the one that's really makes you stand
up and think this is this is pretty
fucked up if you know if we get beat to
this we you know you don't want to be in
an arms race but you essentially are who
are we in the biggest race with is it
Russia China China yeah this Chinese
Russia would say it's theirs it's them
they're claiming that they've got you
know abilities and and but Putin is
always getting out ahead of his skis and
and you know they've got the GDP of a
small European country right and so
particularly when oil is down where it
is and so China's got the resources the
motivation they view themselves as you
know they want to be at the top of the
heap they also have technological
innovation at a very very very high
level some of its stolen yeah did I say
that yeah okay fine some of its stolen
all right
a lot of it still yeah they're kind of
clever like hey we didn't figure it out
but it's already been figured out let's
just steal it and then improve upon it
oh no they can reverse-engineer that
shit out of anything right and then they
and they do learn from that yeah but
yeah it's it's China would be the number
one look if you've got a Washington the
interesting thing about about threats if
you look and say okay what are the top
threats and and to face the US the top
three have never really changed in
decades
right Russia China Iran and and then
what fills out the top two after if you
go for the top five a critical
infrastructure here in the US which is
actually probably at the top I mean if
you say to people in DC what worries you
the most they'll say attacks on our
critical infrastructure but Russia China
Iran they may switch places occasionally
but they're always up there in that top
five
you know terrorism ranks somewhere down
lower but it's so China is always gonna
be an issue and you know they've been
very aggressive both in terms of
acquiring information economic espionage
you know their military build out you
know in their desire to kind of take
back the Pacific from us and so it yeah
it's it's our primary competitor but
Russia punches above its weight and you
know the narrative about Russia
collusion is just you know captured the
imagination for three years now
it still seems to hold some interest for
some Dems in in Washington DC no matter
what happens but and then Iran kind of
plays that role because of its nuclear
pursuits
North Korea's up there to some degree
but it kind of bounces in and out of the
top anyway for what that's worth but
yeah if you suddenly we find you know
that favors right or that there's an you
know this there's this contact know
suddenly guess what we have that's
that's it that's a top concern at that
that's number one right right yeah I
mean the hope is always that if we're
about to nuke ourselves into another
dimension that the aliens have come down
domains just like a 1950's movie yeah
yeah he's fucking idiots The Day the
Earth Stood Still
yeah yeah to Barada nikto Wow remember
that look at you yeah that's pretty
impressive actually
daily Earth Stood Still is a great
fucking movie it was a great movie it's
weird it's like a time capsule right
because what they what they thought it
would look like and yeah the robot
that's just ya know it is it
of the movie I tried to get my boys to
sit and watch it not too long ago
they're like really dad this is what you
spend your time watching and it was
interesting I was like a normal thing
that the family took the alien in their
house yeah come on in stay with a
strange person in another land why
wouldn't you talk to that kid like you
don't even it's a little suspicious I
think this guy might be a freak
what's your favorite movie it's sort of
alien space yanma movie well I like the
best one is alien the Sigourney Weaver
movie I think first one yeah that's most
likely what alien life is gonna be like
some horrific parasitic fucking creature
that eats everything it finds yeah
that's that to me seems likely yeah that
seems more likely I remember sitting in
the theater when that movie came out
watching it and when that when it popped
out of that guy's chest he was you know
I mean the entire theater jumped yeah
they were just crazy people it's hard
because you you watch that movie today
and you're watching it having seen all
the other movies that it's affected and
all the other science fiction genre
movies and special effects movies but
that movie was special yeah in 1979 when
that movie came out that was a special
movie that was a fucking horrific ly
scary movie and it was realistic like
there was no cut the shit scenes
everything seemed legitimate the
creature was completely unique Weaver
was hot hot as fuck yeah no I mean let's
see pictures literally we should be
looking at so no ever and now it's a
great movie where a woman is the hero
and you're not you're not flinching
you're not there's no part where you go
what what is she doing she's kicking
everybody's ass get the fuck out of here
that's that's a movie like like that's a
real hero yeah that's a real hero who
rises to the occasion in this horrific
situation where this ship has have been
overtaken by an alien I think that
there's I think that there's things out
there I don't know if I believe I want
to believe that we've been visited but I
don't know if I believe I think there's
things out there yeah I I'm I'm on board
with what the second part of that as
well
I don't know I find it hard to believe
it would be such a secret but you know
and also knowing the US government look
I mean you know you know it's it's
harder to find out from the network when
they're gonna start this show than this
getting secret's out of Washington DC
right so I'm thinking yeah we would have
known for now if it had happened but I
do believe this other shit out there
right I just I can't believe we're it no
I don't leave I don't you know I don't
think we're but maybe we're being
hopeful I can't believe for it I mean
but you know but I'm also fascinated to
think that if they did know that there's
something that something was here that
they would visit it occasionally you
know dropping it on and occasionally and
for a scientific expedition just see
what the fuck were up to yeah unless you
just got so disgusted the last time they
just thought that's it we don't get
disgusted when we go visit baboons when
we study baboons you know people
scientists return you know Robert
Sapolsky he spent many years going back
and forth to Africa studying baboons and
baboons are boring as fuck of many
people if you weren't a person if you
weren't a person if you were for some
from some enlightened race a million
years advanced us you would be so fast
and to come by and look at people yeah
although they probably look at us like
we're a bunch of shit flinging monkey so
thank you probably right yeah I mean if
we had a time machine tell me you
wouldn't be amazing if there was a time
machine but it could only go back five
hundred thousand years ago to the
beginning of man like the early I you
know whatever ancient hominid that was
that was a lot back then god damn that
would be fascinating be a fly on the
wall and watch these primitive humanoids
try to figure out fire and try to figure
out hunting and and become what we are
today yeah yeah there were probably
moments right yeah I wouldn't want to
sit and watch the whole thing because I
think that would be you know boring as
shit I mean yeah come on just get on
with it you know chip that rock into a
circle do something with it come on but
but I think that yeah you're right I
mean I think if there's if there's
higher life-forms out there and let
you'd have to assume they are higher
life-forms if they're traveling you know
these distances and we again looking at
this issues of propulsion systems for
hypersonic flight excetera
you know would they look at this bunch
of you know folks down here and think
just not interested I don't know and I
think at a certain point in time it
would be unnecessary to physically visit
mm-hmm I feel like maybe watching us
through the Samsung TVs yeah I see it
all comes and that's the thing about it
all comes back around full circle you
got to put a tape over that camera you
do I think there's probably you do right
how much should it should I mean if
people should check this this is again
Smart TVs you know if you've got one
that's a recent vintage check and you'll
see this little little hole along the
frame that's the camera and there's a
microphone set up an audio system yeah I
just put a piece of tape over that's
that's your whatever your low-cost
solution right you can go in there and
adjust and turn it off but you know you
try figuring that out right that's like
trying to program your your VCR right
trying to figure out how to get into
your TV into the settings to change the
Smart interactivity and then do you also
want to trust that that's what's going
to happen if I turn it off so that way
Facebook that if even if you turn off
location they're still tracking it yeah
yeah yeah yeah that's why I said I'd
again going back to that same old thing
which is like uh the government's trying
to screw us over they're spying on us
say you know what they you know unless
you're involved in criminal activity or
terrorism
you know they honestly don't have any
interest but they also don't have the
resources and the time available
commercial side of things though is
different because it drives what they're
all about which is making money
especially when you sign those terms of
agreements the the terms of use
agreements like most people just accept
it
you don't look through it right well
there's a regulation there's there's a
there's a there's a piece of legislation
wherever that outlaws you know secretly
videoing you know I forget what it was
it was years and years ago it was
decades ago but you you give up that
right by clicking on agree on those user
agreements yeah but you know I don't
know anybody who's ever read of a User
Agreement California this year consumer
Privacy Act allows anyone who resides in
the state to access and obtain copies of
the data the companies
on them and the right to delete that
data and opt out of companies selling or
monetizing their data California leads
away again only for residents of
California though they live somewhere
else oh I'm moving from Idaho to
California yeah spots in California yeah
it's a good spot just too many people
found out about it my worry is more of
social media companies now than than
anything even in a lot of ways more than
the government spying on us I I worry
about the power that something like
Facebook has the insane amount of
influence that they have on people and
how through the use of their algorithms
they actually instigate arguments and
try to get people because that's how
people respond and that's what makes
people want to click on things and
that's that's what generates revenue so
their algorithms encourage you know but
and it's you know the idea is that they
encourage outrage but they don't really
but people like outrage so they
encourage you to go seek out like Ari
Shaffir did an experiment where use
YouTube and the only search for puppies
that's always searched for it's just
puppies on YouTube and that's all
YouTube would reckon does that's all
they were recommending to him was
puppies he's like okay so it's really
not nefarious it's based entirely on
what your needs are or what your
interests are but so many people are
interested in things that outraged them
that it becomes a very profitable thing
for them when their algorithm shows
these people what they want but it's the
problem is the people itself it's not
necessarily the algum it's not like some
the algorithm is some nefarious
algorithm is designed to instigate the
strife no it's it's taking advantage of
human nature to some but it's also I
mean it you've raised a really important
point because coming up on this election
people are talking about oh my god
they're gonna hack in they're gonna
influence the vote they're gonna not
part of the danger is in the social
engineering and that wave and it's very
clever so that's if if you look at like
a recent something that just happened
it's actually it's really interesting
and you know it's still being
investigated but a report came out from
a group area one
which is looking at hackers and and
looking at cybersecurity issues and and
it's not a particularly well-known group
it's not like a spur ski or some of
these others that are out there but they
just came out with a report a couple
days ago basically saying that the
Russians a Russian entity likely the
former GRU the military intelligence
group of the Russian intelligence
service hacked into BIR yzma number yzma
is that company in the Ukraine that
hunter Biden was sat on the board of
right and now you think Oh russians
hacked into it and so what happens
almost immediately when this report
comes out saying a Russian Intel
operation hacked into Purisima recently
as it was sort of becoming an issue and
Trump was banging on about it and you
know hunter Biden and there was talk
about you know holding up Ukrainian aid
if you don't investigate the Biden
situation so you'd look at this and if
you just looked at it on a very simple
level you go wow and I've already seen
some of that narrative saying well look
the Russians are working on behalf of
Trump again and see that's what they're
doing they're working on behalf of Trump
they're there hacking into burry smih
and that's you know what he was
complaining about if you step back and
you think about what are the Russians
trying to do right with all of their
hacking efforts all their social media
engineering they're trying to create the
scent so now what have you got now
you're ramping up this story again now
you know to what degree area one story
or report is correct I mean there's some
discussion as to whether it's accurate
or not but to that degree that you have
to look at everything now with a very
skeptical eye and you have to say okay
what is the purpose of it why is this a
timed leak of information right did they
intended in other words that the Russian
Intel service they don't do anything
haphazardly right that they do they do
this with the idea that we're gonna leak
this out now because now it looks like
we're still you know we're pushing this
whole thing we're trying to help Trump
we're gonna get that narrative going
again right because now we're getting
into an election cycle it's interesting
stuff it's like after we after Somalia
was was smoked almost immediately after
social media posts you know sort of Pro
very subtly but pro Iranian regime Pro
you know sulemani again very subtle but
in that vein they spiked and over the
course of the next 48 hours massive
numbers compared to what had been in the
past of you know sympathetic enough to
turn people's thoughts right to get that
narrative going of like well oh my god
they assassinated a foreign leader
that's all they're looking to do is
create that in the Iranian cyber
security forces is increasingly
sophisticated ten years ago they
probably would have been able to
orchestrate sort of that sort of social
media work I guess my point being is
that we look at things very
simplistically right we look at because
we tend to look at it through this
political spectrum saying I'm right I'm
left whatever but you have to step back
and think you know what what's what are
they doing what's what's the purpose of
this and maybe it's more complex or
layered than just simply accepting what
it is that's being said which happens
you know that's ID the danger of social
media everyone takes it face value shit
that they see on Twitter or whatever and
rather than stepping back and going I
wonder if the stories even accurate but
then you know somebody will post some
bullshit
half the time it's you know it's just
it's whether it's for the left or right
doesn't matter or whether it's from a
foreign entity you know the
state-sponsored effort you take it you
run with it next thing you know it's got
10,000 likes and people are talking
about like it's correct yeah that's a
real problem with today's social media
is that these agencies like the internet
research agency in Russia did before the
2016 election they really can stir up
dissent with these thousands and
thousands of social media accounts that
they have and they can get people
thinking in a certain way they don't get
people to argue things in a certain way
and you you hear those talking points
that these BOTS and these you know these
companies that are designed just to stir
people up you see those talking points
repeated so it is a fact oh no
absolutely and then look the Russians
have been doing this you know years and
years ago decades ago they were buying
off journalists to write favorable
articles or articles that they wanted to
get the narrative out there for it right
so they would pay off journalists
whether it was overseas or here wherever
it may be
- and that was old-school right but the
point of it right that the the the
reasoning behind it is still the same
right you're trying to effect a
narrative you're trying to affect a
certain opinion or you're trying to
foment dissent you're trying to create
some chaos and and you're right here now
with a lot of the social media that
foreign entities are doing they're
trying to take advantage and trying to
drive wedges in so you get you get these
things that try to drive and and and
create a more of a racial divide as an
example whatever it is that they can do
and sometimes sometimes they're doing it
just simply to create the chaos you know
sometimes they're doing it for you know
a more specific focused reason but we're
not sophisticated and I think we're
we're more aware of it now because it's
been in the news and we've been talking
about some degree but as a population
we're not very sophisticated and so
they're still gonna take advantage of it
and it's not just the Russians it's it's
any any nation that's got the resource
of the ability and somewhat motivation
and sees it in their own best interest
they're gonna you know be engaged in
this will have a cyber unit that's doing
this sort of thing so you know Lee I
don't know where it's gonna go but you
know I'm you worry about sort of the the
impact that it has yeah it's not the you
know it's not the the idea that they're
going in there to voting machines and
switching up data I mean frankly we
should be going to a paper-based system
I would I would you know if I was in
charge I would say that's it no more
paperless voting systems get that shit
out of here we're not gonna rely on the
internet you know what they're doing in
Iowa for the caucuses it's all gonna be
internet-based voting reporting real for
the caucuses in Iowa right you think
yeah I mean but again you think that you
know whether it's independent hackers or
state-sponsored from China Russia
wherever of course they're targeting
this you know and they're putting a
great deal of resource into it and
they're there and they've already
probably mapped out the interference for
structure so you know hey get back to
the old days you know if you're
targeting a terrorist organization and
you start having success picking up coms
and communications and gathering signals
intelligence on them first thing they do
is throw their phones away and go back
to the old system of look I'm going to
handwrite some message I'm going to
to my cousin he's gonna hand it to his
cousin and that's all that's our
communication system from now on so we
should dumb down and go back to the old
days and just do a paper system you know
which takes longer and there's a pain in
the ass but ya can't hack it can't hack
it yeah anyway that's just me
sure well listen went back to my bernie
sanders voice there it's always great
having you in here man tell people again
when your show well you don't you don't
have an airdate no the key mom we need
to tell me we'll tell everybody that
sound let everybody know they can get a
hold you on twitter and instagram @ MP
company man is the twitter thing and
yeah thank you I'm always amazing how
fast the time goes I'm sure you're not
but I'm amazed I am still amazing get
out the Boise right okay everybody's
waiting I'll do it all right okay thanks
man
bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]